Registration number: 00329102

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Annual Report and Financial Statements

for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Ogu

03/09/2025
COMPANIES HOUSE

WEDNESDAY

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Contents

Company Information

Strategic Report

Directors' Report

Statement of Directors' Responsibilities
Independent Auditor's Report

Profit and Loss Account

Statement of Comprehensive Income
Balance Sheet

Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes to the Financial Statements

2to 12

13 to 15

16

17 to 20

21

22

23

24

25 to 63

Directors

Company Secretary

Registered office

Registered number

Bankers

Auditor

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Company Information

M Clayton
A Davies
R Campbell

K Gogay

Abbott House

Vanwall Business Park
Vanwall Road
Maidenhead

Berkshire

SL6 4XE

00329102

BNP Paribas

10 Harewood Avenue
London

NWI16AA

Emst & Young
Chartered Accountants
Harcourt Centre
Harcourt Street
Dublin 2

Ireland

Page 1

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

The Directors present their strategic report for the year ended 31 December 2024.

Principal activi
The principal activity of the Company is the sale and distribution of a diverse range of healthcare products
across nutrition, diagnostics and medical devices sectors in the United Kingdom (UK). There have not been any
significant changes in the Company’s principal activities in the year under review.

Results and performance
The results of the Company for the year, as set out on pages 21 to 22, show an operating profit on continuing
operations of £19,238,000 (2023: £16,723,000). The net assets of the Company, as presented on page 23, are
£871,804,000 (2023: £767,315,000).

The performance of the Company during 2024 has been very strong. Growth in sales has been driven by
multiple business units including the Diabetes Care division where usage of FreeStyle Libre, Abbott's
ground-breaking flash glucose monitoring system, continues to increase significantly year over year. Growth has
also been strong in the Nutrition and Diagnostics divisions.

The Directors consider the results for the financial year and the position of the Company at the balance sheet
date to be satisfactory.

Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
The Board monitors the progress of the Company through the following KPIs.

2024 2023
£000 £000
Ongoing growth across multiple business
units led by FreeStyle Libre within the
Turnover 639,882 539,543 Diabetes Care business (part of the medical
devices sector).
Operating profit 19,238 16,723 Increase in line with growth in turnover.
Timing of significant recharges to other
Current ratio 108% 115% Abbott group companies which were
outstanding at year end.
2024 2023
No. No.
Average employee numbers 580 566 Minor movement in employee numbers

representing growth in operations

Future Developments

The Directors aim to maintain the management policies which have resulted in the Company's growth in recent
years. The Directors anticipate that, despite a challenging environment for the healthcare industry, the strong
growth in sales and operating profit seen in recent years will continue into 2025 driven by key products such as
FreeStyle Libre and Alinity.

Page 2

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Principal Risks and Uncertainties

The process of risk assessment and risk management is addressed through a framework of policies, procedures
and internal controls. All policies are subject to management approval at an appropriate level and a regular
review cycle is in place. Compliance with regulatory, legal and ethical standards is a high priority for the
Company and the compliance team and finance teams take on an important oversight role in this regard. The
Company is also subject to an internal audit on a regular basis.

The principal risks to which the business is exposed are described below.

Competitive risks: Competitive price pressures in the UK Healthcare sector could result in the Company losing
sales to competitors. A significant proportion of sales are based on tenders which vary in length from around
one year up to seven years or longer. Because of this, the outcome of a tender will potentially impact sales for an
extended period. The same price pressure could also result in an erosion of prices over time thereby negatively
impacting the Company's margin. This risk is managed through the constant development and refinement of
products, new technologies and new ways of adding value for the customer.

Political risks: The Company has a Government Affairs function that actively monitors political developments
that may impact on the business.

Financial risks: A portion of the Company's purchases are denominated in Euro and US Dollars (USD) and it is
therefore exposed to fluctuations in those currencies against the Pound Sterling. The Company hedges its
foreign currency balance sheet position to minimise this risk. The Company also hedges its currency exposure to
USD intra-group purchases over a time horizon of approximately 18 months via Abbott's centrally managed
currency hedge programme.

Liquidity risk: The Company actively manages working capital and is in a strong net current assets position. The
Company is not reliant upon external funding or group support. In addition to this, it is consistently in a cash
generative position. It is not anticipated that this is likely to change in the foreseeable future given the market
share, established product portfolio along with strong customer relationships that have been established.

Credit risk: The Company continually monitors credit exposure with all customers through the setting and
monitoring of credit limits. A significant proportion of the Company's sales is from the public sector with any
credit loss risk considered to be very low.

Legal and compliance risk: The Company operates in several areas of the highly regulated Healthcare sector.
Additionally, government regulation imposes increasing demands on companies to demonstrate that they are
“doing the right thing’. A failure to properly manage these requirements would expose the Company to the risk
of reputational damage, fines, penalties and competitive disadvantage. This risk is managed through the setting
of appropriate policies and through the collaboration of various compliance-related functions across the
business.

Commercial execution risk: The Company operates within a dynamic and competitive industry. Effective
communication and engagement with customers are critical to the long-term success of the business. A failure to
execute the right priorities and structures on a timely basis will compromise the ability of the Company to
remain ahead of competitors in key market sectors. Commercial execution is tracked in detail within each
divisional team and reported to senior management.

Investment risk: The Company holds investments in various subsidiary companies. It is therefore exposed to the
risk that these entities do not perform as expected and an impairment of the investment in shareholdings will
become necessary. The Directors monitor this risk through their roles as directors of the subsidiary companies
where that is the case and through regular business updates provided by subsidiary company management where
it is not. The need for an impairment is assessed annually.

Section 172(1) Statement

This section of the Strategic Report describes how the Directors have had regard to the matters set out in section
172(1) (a) to (f), and forms the Directors’ statement required under section 414CZA, of The Companies Act
2006.

Page 3

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Stakeholder Engagement

Abbott is an active participant in the global dialogue on health and the broader role of business. We know that
listening to our stakeholders is vital to our success. It enables us to respond with relevant, local solutions that
meet people’s changing needs and tackle the world’s most important health challenges.

Our stakeholder engagement is conducted formally, through the many associations and partnerships of which we
are members. We also seek to engage with stakeholders more informally, through networks and organisations in
which we participate.

Our core values of Pioneering, Achieving, Caring and Enduring are the foundation of our identity as a company.
They define how we do our work and serve our stakeholders. Aligning our organisation around this cohesive set
of values is critical to the fulfilment of our mission and the achievement of our business goals.

+ Pioneering: Bringing life-changing health technologies to the people who need it
+ Achieving: Delivering customer-focused outcomes and world-class execution

* Caring: Helping people live fuller lives through better health

+ Enduring: Managing the company to ensure its long-term success

Our local country businesses play an important role in forming relationships with stakeholders. We have defined
a stakeholder engagement methodology to be used by each Abbott business and affiliate, which guides Abbott
leaders in setting their local engagement strategies. We also require our local teams to review their stakeholder
engagement strategies on a regular basis. We report the outcomes of local stakeholder engagement in
country-level citizenship reports or at local stakeholder forums. Through our engagement, we aim to stay well
informed on the major issues of concer to all stakeholders, wherever we operate.

During the year the Directors undertook a variety of activities to engage with stakeholders at a local level and
bring their voice into the boardroom.

Customers

Customers are at the heart of everything we do. During the year, the Directors received regular updates on key
customer issues through a variety of channels, including direct attendance at customer meetings, key account
reporting through individual divisional lines of management and relevant metrics in relation to the customer
service and support teams. This interaction provides important intelligence regarding customer issues and
challenges and informs all aspects of business strategy development.

Page 4

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Stakeholder Engagement (continued)

Employees
Abbott is committed to helping employees to build a fulfilling life and a rewarding career. The Directors gather
feedback from employees through regular town hall meetings, employee surveys and via the Joint Consultative
Forum, an elected representative body. The Directors use this feedback to shape Human Resources strategies
over the short, medium and long-term.

Abbott seeks to communicate with its employees through elected representative bodies, team briefs, internet,
intranet and site-wide emails. Communication is viewed as critical to the success of the organisation to ensure
employees understand the Company's business and Abbott Values. Abbott uses a range of channels internally
and externally to communicate with employees and external stakeholders, including prospective employees.
Internally, employees can find information on Abbott via its intranet site, Abbott World and aLIVE; and
externally, Abbott utilises X (formerly Twitter), LinkedIn and Facebook to share news and interesting stories.

Each division at Abbott has a clear and compelling business strategy. How an employee can contribute to
business outcomes is captured in the performance management process during the annual goal setting process
referred to as setting expectations, which is the driving force behind the process. This leads to an intentional
discussion regarding development plans around the competencies needed to achieve these goals. Various aspects
of remuneration, including the pay increase an employee receives, are closely linked to their performance.

Employees are also involved in the performance of the global Abbott corporation through participation in a UK
employee share scheme. The scheme is available to all employees with a current participation rate of over 63%.

We ensure colleagues have a common awareness of the financial and economic factors affecting the Company's
performance through quarterly presentations made by the UK and Ireland Finance Director to the Joint
Consultative Forum. The minutes of these meetings are published to all employees. Additionally, similar
presentations, which also include a summary of the performance of the global Abbott corporation, are made
quarterly as part of town hall meetings hosted virtually and accessible to all Abbott UK employees.

Employee development is crucial to the success of the business. Each business unit holds Talent Management
Reviews twice a year where development opportunities for all critical roles are discussed. Development plans
are implemented to ensure vacancies are filled internally wherever possible.

Government

The Directors recognise the importance of active engagement with government. A dedicated Government
Affairs team co-ordinates interactions with government officials ensuring Abbott maintains the highest possible
ethical and professional standards. The Government Affairs team works closely with the Directors, including the
attendance of local board meetings, to identify areas in which Abbott’s interests and those of the government
and of patients naturally align.

Suppliers

The Directors recognise the significant contribution that suppliers make to Abbott’s business, notably in the area
of service delivery to customers. Abbott’s dedicated Procurement function is delegated responsibility for key
supplier relationships at a country level and where the supplier supports the business on a regional or global
basis. The Procurement team regularly meets with senior representatives of key suppliers to monitor
performance and to identify further opportunities to develop long-lasting and mutually beneficial partnerships.

The Directors also engage directly with the most critical suppliers whose role is vital in ensuring the Company
can meet its customer commitments.

Community and Environment

As a healthcare leader, we strive to make a positive social impact on helping people live longer and better. We
apply our unique strengths to identify and invest in life-changing innovations, design new business models to
meet emerging healthcare needs, and find measurable ways to address social challenges through our scientific
and technical expertise.

Page 5

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Stakeholder Engagement (continued)

Community and Environment (continued)

The Directors align to Abbott’s environmental governance and management systems, which are driven by
Abbott globally and exist as part of an integrated Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) approach. Our EHS
strategy focuses on identifying and mitigating EHS-related risk, ensuring business continuity and addressing our
stakeholders’ expectations that Abbott is a responsible corporate citizen. At the global level, our strategy
includes systems and targets for reducing our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, our water use, and the volume
and impact of our waste. Our EHS management and governance systems ensure that we incorporate
environmental considerations into our day-to-day planning and business processes, with clear lines of
accountability and senior-level leadership and support.

At a local level, the Directors acknowledge the importance of EHS as an integral part of Abbott’s business
operation. EHS is a standing agenda item at local board meetings and every Director takes an active role in
promoting the importance of EHS matters within their organisations.

How Stakeholder Interests Have Influenced Decision Making

The Directors recognise the importance of engaging with stakeholders to help inform their strategy and
decision-making. Through our engagement, we aim to stay well-informed of the major issues of concern to
stakeholders wherever we operate. Relevant stakeholder interests, including those of customers, employees,
suppliers and others are considered by the Directors when they take decisions. We define principal decisions as
those that are material, or of strategic importance to the Company, and those that are significant to any of our
key stakeholder groups. In making their decisions, the Directors consider the outcomes of relevant stakeholder
engagement and are mindful of their duties under the Companies Act including the specific requirements of
section 172(1). The Directors also consider the need to maintain a reputation for high standards of business
conduct, the need to act fairly between the members of the Company and the long-term consequences of their
decisions.

Non-financial and sustainability information Statement

Introduction

For the purposes of this Non-financial and Sustainability Information Statement references to "Abbott" and "we"
relate to Abbott Laboratories, the ultimate parent. References to "the Board" relate to Abbott Laboratories’
global board of Directors. References to "the Company" relate to Abbott Laboratories Ltd.

Abbott has been reporting in line with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (‘TCFD") at a global level, on a voluntary basis, within its Global Sustainability Report for many
years.

The Company’s Directors consider this disclosure to be consistent with the recommendations of the TCFD and
that it meets the requirements of section 414CB of the Companies Act 2006. The Company has made several
judgments which reflect its current assessment of climate-related risks and opportunities, taking into account the
prevailing uncertainties and the evolving nature of both the physical and transition risks associated with climate
change. These judgments are based on the best available information and are guided by the principles of
responsible and transparent reporting. Abbott acknowledges that as the science and predictions of climate
change continue to develop, and as regulatory and business landscapes evolve, future reports will adapt
accordingly to ensure ongoing compliance and relevance.

Page 6

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Governance

Abbott is committed to strong corporate governance that aligns with stakeholder interests. Our Board spends
significant time with Abbott’s senior management to understand global dynamics, challenges, and opportunities
for Abbott. During these interactions, directors provide insights and ask probing questions, which guide
management decision making. This collaborative approach to risk oversight and emphasis on long-term
sustainability begins with our leaders and is ingrained in Abbott’s culture.

The Board of Directors and its committees have oversight over Abbott’s environmental, social and governance
practices. The Board has regular discussions with management on a variety sustainability matters such as
climate, workforce, supply chain and data privacy, as well as workplace, management, and Board composition,
emerging governance practices and trends, global compliance matters, and sustainability reporting.

The Board has risk oversight responsibility for Abbott, which it administers directly and with assistance from its
Committees. Throughout the year, the Board and its Committees engage with management to discuss a wide
range of enterprise risks, such as risks related to Abbott’s businesses, enterprise and product cybersecurity,
litigation, and human capital management. The Audit Committee conducts an annual review of the enterprise
risk management process, including the program structure, risk assessment, and risk mitigation.

The top enterprise risks are prioritized and used to inform strategic action plans. The Board exercises risk
oversight by focusing on areas of high priority identified, including cybersecurity and data protection, product
quality and regulatory compliance and sustainability. The Board’s Audit Committee assists the Board in
fulfilling its oversight responsibility with respect to various matters, including enterprise risk management,
which includes consideration of potentially significant business major financial and cybersecurity risk exposures
to Abbott, including program structure, risk assessment, and risk mitigation. The Board’s Public Policy
Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility with respect to various matters, including
Abbott’s sustainability and social responsibility policies and practices, goals and targets as well as social,
political, economic, and environmental trends and public policy issues that affect or could affect Abbott’s
business activities, performance, and public image.

At the UK level, the UK Business Advisory Council, a forum of Abbott’s UK business leaders, together with the
Directors, has responsibility for ensuring Abbott’s global policies and practises (including those relating to
sustainability, environmental, and social responsibility practices) are implemented.

Risk Management

We analyse climate-related risks and opportunities through our risk management processes, which identify
opportunities to build resilience in both our operations and our business model. We regularly update risk
management, standards, and programs to align with global best practices and regulatory requirements and aim to
anticipate emerging risks and upcoming regulatory changes. This ensures that our approach to climate-related
risks is aligned with our broader risk management strategy. We are committed to identifying and reducing
climate-related risks that may have the potential to impact our operations, supply chain, and distribution
network. We maintain an identification process for opportunities to address emerging climate change-related
healthcare needs and increase operating efficiencies by reducing climate-related impacts. Abbott has determined
that climate-related risks and opportunities exist at some site and regional levels but are limited at a global scale.

Globally, Abbott has four reportable business segments, each with unique markets, competitors, and risk. In
order to maintain the flexibility required to appropriately manage the unique risks within each business, risk
management is a core job responsibility for our Executive Leadership, who identifies, owns, and manages the
risks embedded within their respective businesses. This drives a culture that aligns ownership with business
strategy. Our enterprise risk management (ERM) process evaluates likelihood, impact, and velocity of risks that
potentially impact business performance. Our ERM Network team — a group with representatives from across
various corporate functions, led by Abbott’s Vice President of Internal Audit — integrates ERM throughout
Abbott by working with management to establish a risk management framework that identifies, assesses, and
manages key risk exposures.

Page 7

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Risk Management (continued)

The ERM Network facilitates a risk survey that seeks feedback from our global leaders. on enterprise risk

exposure. The results of the survey are presented to the Audit Committee. The Board exercises risk oversight by
focusing on areas of high priority identified. The ERM Network has sustainability expertise — including the
Divisional Vice President of Global Citizenship and Sustainability and the Divisional Vice President of
Environment, Health and Safety (EHS).

In this process, the degree of impact for identified risks is assessed for three impact categories — financial,
operational, and reputational. Each dimension has five clearly defined ratings to allow consistent assessment of
risks across the organization. Other, already mentioned risk dimensions (likelihood and velocity) are also
assessed to provide a risk profile for the annual survey.

Our global Business Continuity and Crisis Management organisations, working with our Global EHS, Global
Engineering, and Supply Chain groups, identify and assess climate-related risks, including those linked to
climate-related risks such as weather events and other natural disasters, that may have the potential to impact
our people, operations, supply chain and distribution network. The programs regularly assess and prepare for
events which could impact our direct operations or supply chain to a degree that it would significantly disrupt
product flow to our customers in the global markets that we serve. Abbott’s Executive Crisis Management team
advises and coordinates regularly updated crisis preparation plans across the company and is supported by
country-led Crisis Action Teams, including a Crisis Action Team covering the operations of the Company. Our
Business Continuity program identifies and assesses the impact of operational, reputational, and compliance
risks and their potential impacts on business processes. Corresponding planning helps ensure that procedures
and provisions are in place to help support business continuity.

At a UK level, the Directors are responsible for identifying climate-related risks specific to the operations of the
Company and addressing them through the UK Business Advisory Council, a forum of the UK business leaders,
working in collaboration with expert stakeholders within the wider Abbott organisation.

The business leadership of the Company’s subsidiaries are represented at the UK Business Advisory Council.
Through this representation the Directors are able to identify, assess and provide input to the management of
climate-related risks related to the Company’s investments in subsidiaries.

Climate change-related opportunities are also considered through Abbott's risk process, and as part of our
product research and development.

Strategy

We have determined that climate-related risks and opportunities exist for Abbott at some site and
country/regional levels but are limited at a global scale. Analysis to determine this was undertaken across
Abbott’s strategic planning time horizons of short (0-1 years), medium (2-5 years), and long term (6+ years).

Climate-related physical risks

Acute physical risks associated with climate change include unforeseen extreme weather events. We have
developed strategies for mitigating and responding to them. Our global Business Continuity and Crisis
Management organization works with our Global EHS, Global Engineering, and Supply Chain groups to
strengthen business resiliency against weather events and other forms of extreme disruption.

Our Engineering and EHS policies and management standards consider chronic physical risks, such as water
scarcity, and require sites to conduct regular risk and opportunity evaluations and implement mitigation
strategies.

Abbott is a global organization with 89 manufacturing facilities globally, a diverse geographical supply chain
and distribution network, and site-level business continuity planning. These factors lessen the potential for a
significant business impact, at the level of an individual entity, from climate-related physical risks, such as
effects of severity of weather.

Page 8

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Climate-related physical risks (continued)
Abbott has undertaken an assessment of the Company’s UK operational facilities and the Directors do not
believe there is potential for significant impact from climate-related physical risks over various climate
scenarios and time horizons. The potential impact is low. The potential, but remediable, disruption to operations
relates to the transportation of products to and from storage facilities. In the event of prolonged disruption, we
could leverage our diverse geographical supply chain and distribution network to avoid impacted sites. Our
physical climate risk assessments, including that for the UK, considered seven climate hazards (wildfire,
heatwave, coldwave, water stress, flood, sea level rise, and hurricane) and three climate-related scenarios (RCP
8.5, RCP 4.5 and RCP 2.6; Representative Concentration Pathways (RCP) are climate change scenarios that
project future greenhouse gas concentrations, as adopted by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change).

Climate-related transition risks and opportunities

Climate-related risks include transition risks that relate to emerging expectations and regulations around
greenhouse gas (GHG) emission management. These include carbon limits and taxes, enhanced reporting
obligations, costs to transition to lower-emissions technologies, and increased costs of goods and services. We
have identified the need to manage and reduce environmental impacts with an aim to reduce potential risk. In
response to this, our business strategy includes reducing our operational energy and carbon footprint, and
engaging our value chain in strategic sourcing categories.

Utilising 2020 and 2021 data, global EHS and Economics teams at Abbott undertook risk modelling to consider
the implications of potential environmental regulations and found that Abbott’s emissions per employee, profit,
and market cap ratios are lower than our peer sector average, which may suggest that new policies restricting
use of fossil fuels and carbon emissions may not be an immediate threat to our competitive position globally.
This analysis helps support our belief we are resilient to existing and emerging carbon tax regulations under
various scenarios.

In the UK, the government’s Climate Change Act 2008 led to the introduction of an NHS England net zero
roadmap for suppliers and, in 2024, a Department of Health & Social Care (DHSC) ‘Design for Life’ roadmap,
which focuses on increasing circularity in medical technology. There is a risk that if the Company failed to align
with expectations set out in these roadmaps, its ability to compete for new NHS business could be impacted over
the medium to long term.

The Company is taking steps to understand and address the objectives of the NHS and the DHSC. Additionally,
the local Government Affairs team maintains close contact with the NHS, DHSC, trade associations, and other
relevant bodies to help ensure that potential changes to requirements continue to be identified at an early stage.
As customers such as the NHS increasingly integrate ESG considerations into procurement decisions, there is an
opportunity for the Company to increase market share through outperforming peers. Conversely, there is a risk
from competitors outperforming the Company. Abbott’s global 2030 Sustainability Plan and supporting
initiatives, coupled with UK commercial and functional led activities and proposals, work to position the
Company as a leader in Sustainability. To date the impact from this opportunity, and risk, has been limited.

Other global climate change-related opportunities fall into two main categories:

+ Increased operating efficiencies through achieving carbon reduction targets; and
+ The opportunity to advance our mission to help people live their best lives by meeting changing healthcare and
nutrition needs.

Since 2004, Abbott has set public carbon reduction targets to drive our efforts to reduce our climate-related
impacts, as well as improve our operating efficiencies. Although climate-related opportunities exist and are
incorporated into our 2030 Sustainability Plan, they are unlikely to have a substantive impact on our business.

For further information on Abbott’s Sustainability Plan see
https://www.abbott.com/responsibility/sustainability.html

Page 9

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Metrics and targets

The Company’s emissions targets, supporting Abbott’s global strategy to protect a healthy environment, are set
out in our 2030 Sustainability Plan and continue the Company's progress to achieving net zero in the UK by
2050.

Under our 2030 Sustainability Plan, we have set targets to reduce our absolute Scope | and 2 emissions, and set
a scope 3 supplier engagement target, including within the UK. To track these, we disclose our carbon footprint
for all three scopes annually. These are the key global indicators used to evaluate progress against the targets to
manage climate related risk.

We have a goal to reduce global absolute Scope | and 2 carbon emissions by 30% from 2018 baseline by the
end of 2030, consistent with the objectives of the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). We are also engaging
our key carbon-intensive suppliers to implement sustainable programs to reduce our Scope 3 emissions. In 2022,
the SBTi approved Abbott’s Scope 3 goal, which calls for 82% of our suppliers by emissions covering
purchased goods and services and upstream transportation and distribution to have SBTi approved targets by
2026.

SCOPE 1 AND 2 CARBON EMISSIONS?
1,000 Metric Tons C0,e
Purchased Purchased
Total (Scope Total (Scope Purchased Energy Energy

land2) — Land2) Fuels Refrigerant Total Direct © (Scope2) (Scope 2)
Market- Location. (Scope 1) (Scope) (Scope) Market- Location.
2030 Based (0,e Based C0,e (Oe (Oe (Oe Based (C0,e Based C0,e

Goo) MD -T#* rion! Erisions Emisions’ Emissions? —Emisions Emission Emison

13 a «1% U7 981 499 ul 510 ny)

Q 99 1044 516 17 533 397
uU 940 4020 526 2 538 40
YW 987 1062 526 iV) 538 vy)

Page 10

m
48)
4)
585

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

a) Per our environmental, health, and safety metrics reporting protocols, metrics data published in previous
years were adjusted in this report to reflect minor corrections, method adjustments, etc.

b) This change represents 2023 progress toward our 2030 goal of 30% reduction from 2018.

¢) This is the percentage change from 2022 to 2023.

d) This is the baseline year.

e) Progress toward 2030 carbon goal is reported using the GHGP Scope 2 market-based methodology.

PD) Scope 2 emissions are calculated using the GHGP market-based methodology. Per the GHGP, where
market-based information is not available, location based results have been used as proxy.

g) Reported purchased fuels Scope | sources consist of fuel consumed by manufacturing, R&D, and warehouse
facilities under Abbott's control, sales fleet, and Abbott-owned aviation.

h) Per the GHGP, Scope 1 Refrigerant CO2 e emissions include only those covered in the Kyoto Protocol.
i)Reported Scope 2 sources consist of energy directly purchased by Abbott, such as electricity, steam, and hot
and chilled water, as well as emissions from leased locations. Unless specified otherwise, emissions are
calculated according to the GHGP Scope 2 market-based method.

As of 2023 year end, approximately 33% of Abbott’s suppliers by emissions covering purchased goods and
services and upstream transportation and distribution have SBTi approved science-based targets, with about an
additional 13% committing through the SBTi to adopt science-based targets.

*Please note that the global parent figures for Abbott Laboratories are based on the full year 2023 data, as the
2024 figures have not yet been finalized and published at the time of this UK financial statements finalization.

In addition, and at a local level, the Company is committed to achieving net zero emissions by 2050 in line with
central government and NHS supplier requirements, and reports progress against this target against a Company
specific 2020 baseline. Between 2020 and 2024, significant business growth for Abbott Laboratories Limited,
and the associated increase in activities, has led to a rise in greenhouse gas emissions.

t

Abbott Laboratories Limited latest emissions:

(tCO2e) Scope 1 Scope 2 (market-based) Scope 3 (Included Sources) Total Emissions
2020 (baseline year) 507 389 7,323 8,219
2024 349 83 10,777 11,209

Our emissions data is reported in line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHGP) Corporate Accounting and
Reporting Standard under the ‘Operational Control’ approach. Scope 2 emissions are calculated using the
GHGP market-based methodology. Per the GHGP, where market-based information is not available,
location-based results have been used as proxy. Scope 3 emissions are calculated primarily using a spend based
approach and in line with the GHGP Corporate Accounting and Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting
and Reporting Standard (inflation has not been factored into the spend based calculation). The following
categories are reported as Scope 3 emissions:

+ Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution

+ Category 5: Waste generated in operations

* Category 6: Business travel

* Category 7: Employee commuting

* Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution

Page 11

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Progress to date against the Company’s carbon reduction target has come from a combination of the following
measures and projects implemented since 2020.

+ ISO 50001 Energy Management System

+ Completed carbon reduction opportunity assessments

+ Continued the transition to an electric vehicle fleet

+ Removed filly diesel and petrol vehicles from the fleet choice list

+ Introduced a requirement for all drivers to attend a training course on electrical vehicle technology
+ Implemented waste prevention and recycling measures such as removing individual waste bins and providing a
centralised waste system

+ Transitioned to LED (Light Emitting Diode) light fittings in some of the office space

+ Optimised Heating Ventilation Air Conditioning settings

+ Carbon reduction educational awareness

+ Installation of electric vehicle charging stations

* Developed a detailed roadmap to reach net zero for Scope | and 2 emissions in the UK by 2050

+ Commitment made to procure renewable electricity from January 2024 onwards.

In the future we hope to implement further measures such as:

+ Further electrification of company vehicles
* Decarbonise buildings by electrifying heating systems or transitioning from natural gas to hydrogen gas or
green gas

+ Additional LED lighting upgrades

+ Heating Ventilation Air Conditioning optimisations

* On-site renewable energy installations

+ Include net zero considerations (green heating and electricity) in office lease renewals and office relocations

* Consider energy efficiency as part of the evaluation of future building upgrades

+ Further quantification and understanding of value chain environmental impacts

+ Engaging the supply chain to manage and reduce our Scope 3 carbon emissions

+ Continued educational awareness and training.

2020 has been selected as our baseline. No emissions data was published prior to this in the UK.

Approved by the Board on 26 August 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

br

Company Secretary

Page 12

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

The Directors present their report and the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.

Directors of the Company
The directors, who held office during the year and up to the date of approval of the financial statements, were as
follows:

N Harris (Resigned 25 April 2025)

M Clayton

A Davies

The following director was appointed after the year end:
R Campbell (appointed 25 April 2025)

Dividends

During the year the Company paid a dividend of £250,000,000 (2023: £152,000,000). The Directors do not
recommend the payment of a final dividend.

Schedule 7 requirements

Applicable content per Schedule 7 of the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and
Reports) Regulations 2008 has been included in the Strategic Report in accordance with provisions in s414C
(11) of the Companies Act 2006.

Employment of disabled persons

Applications for employment by disabled persons are always fully considered, bearing in mind the aptitudes of
the applicant concerned. In the event of members of staff becoming disabled, every effort is made to ensure that
their employment with the Company continues and that appropriate training is arranged if required. Company
policy and practice ensure that there is no discrimination against disabled people regarding training, career
development and promotion opportunities.

Going concern

The Company generated a net profit of £256,187,000 (2023: £179,615,000), has net assets of £871,804,000
(2023: £767,315,000) and current assets of the Company exceed its current liabilities by £37,218,000 (2023:
£33,364,000). Trading profits are expected to continue in the foreseeable future. Therefore, after making
enquiries, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company will continue in operational existence
for a period of twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements.

Accordingly, the Directors continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the annual
report and financial statements.

Disclosure of information to the auditor

Each Director in office at the time the Directors’ Report and financial statements are approved has taken steps
that they ought to have taken as a Director in order to make themselves aware of any relevant audit information
and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information. The Directors confirm that there is no
relevant information that they know of and of which they know the auditor is unaware.

Reappointment of auditor
The auditor Ernst & Young, Chartered Accountants and Statutory Audit Firm will continue in office in
accordance with section 487(2) of the Companies Act 2006.

Post Balance Sheet events

There were no significant events between the Balance Sheet date and the date of signing of the financial
statements, affecting the Company, which require disclosure.

Page 13

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Environmental report

Streamlined energy and carbon reporting

The following disclosure addresses the requirements of the Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups
(Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 SI 2008/410 and should be read in conjunction with the Non-financial
and sustainability information statement.

The table below sets out the Company's emissions and energy consumption.

2023

Name and description Metric and/or KPI Unit of measurement 2024
restated

Energy consumption used Tota) enerpy kWh gross CV 3,965,151 4,298,435
to calculate emissions

Emissions from combustion G1iG emissions scope 1 tCO2e 14 116
of gas

Emissions from combustion
of fuel for transport GHG emissions scope 1 tCO2e 235 326
purposes

Emissions from business
travel in rental cars or
employee-owned vehicles
where company is
responsible for purchasing
the fuel (grey fleet)

GHG emissions scope 3 tCO2e 89 80

Emissions from purchased
electricity (property and
fleet electric vehicles)

GHG emissions scope 2

(location based) tcO2e 392 385

. . tCO2e per £lmillion of tCO2e per £1million of
Intensity ratio revenue revenue

13 1.68

We have revised our reporting presentation to align with SECR guidance. Previously, the reportable Scope 3
emissions component (grey fleet) was included within a combined Scope 1 and 2 total. This has now been
disaggregated, with grey fleet emissions reported separately. Additionally, we have provided the required
breakdowns of our Scope | and 2 emissions.

The restatement results from the correction of a previous omission, where emissions from specific vehicle

categories were inadvertently excluded. These emissions have now been accurately identified and incorporated
into the reporting.

Page 14

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Energy Efficiency Action

Reducing climate impact is key to a healthy planet. We’re working to deliver results against near-term
science-based targets to reduce carbon emissions. Abbott aims to reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 carbon
emissions globally by 30% from 2018 baseline by the end of 2030. We are also engaging our key
carbon-intensive suppliers to implement sustainable programs to reduce our Scope 3 emissions. In 2022, the
SBTi approved Abbott’s global Scope 3 target, which calls for 82% of our suppliers by emissions covering
purchased goods and services and upstream transportation and distribution to have SBTi approved targets by
2026.

Our global EHS Governance team and cross-divisional Energy Council take a collaborative approach to
reducing our global emissions, focusing on:

+ Energy efficiency in manufacturing operations
+ Low-carbon energy investments

+ Transportation fleet efficiency

* Supply chain carbon footprint

In addition, our ongoing Renewable Energy Procurement initiative drives efforts to increase the use of
renewables.

We are committed to minimizing the impact of our fleet of Abbott-owned, Abbott-leased and personally owned
vehicles used by employees. As an example, to reduce our environmental impact, we have implemented an
electric vehicle-only policy in relation to the UK Company fleet and are accelerating our replacement cycle of
traditionally fuelled vehicles. Abbott’s UK operations have also upgraded plant and machinery in order to
achieve greater energy efficiency.

Abbott’s global strategy to protect a healthy environment is set out in our 2030 Sustainability Plan, see
https://abbott.com/sustainability for more detail.

Methodology
Abbott’s SECR emissions data is reported in line with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHGP) Corporate
Accounting and Reporting Standard under the ‘Operational Control’ approach. Scope 2 emissions are calculated
using the GHGP location-based methodology.

The Company's energy use and emissions reported relate to premises where the Company has financial
responsibility for energy supply and Abbott-owned, Abbott-leased and personally owned vehicles, used by
employees.

The 2023 and 2024 UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting published by the
Department of Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural
Affairs were respectively applied to convert energy use to emissions of CO,¢.

Approved by the Board on 26 August 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

Company Secretary

Page 15

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the Annual Report and the financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial ycar. Under that law the
Directors have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally
Accepted Accounting Practice (accounting standards issued by the Financial Reporting Council and United
Kingdom law), including Financial Reporting Standard 101 "Reduced Disclosure Framework’ (‘FRS 101’).
Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that
period. In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and apply them consistently;
+ make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ present information, including accounting policies, in a manner that provides relevant, reliable, comparable
and understandable information;

* provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific requirements in FRS 101 is insufficient to
enable users to understand the impact of particular transactions, other events and conditions on the
Company’s financial position and financial performance;

+ in respect of the financial statements, state whether FRS 101 has been followed, subject to any material
departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; and

* prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless i
Company will continue in business;

is inappropriate to presume that the

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain
the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the
Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They
are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also responsible for preparing a Strategic Report and a
Directors’ Report that comply with that law and those regulations.

Page 16

-
EY

Shape the future
with confidence

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF ABBOTT LABORATORIES LIMITED
Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Abbott Laboratories Limited for the year ended
31 December 2024 which comprise the Profit and Loss Account, the Statement of Comprehensive
Income, the Balance Sheet, the Statement of Changes in Equity and the related notes 1 to 29, including
material accounting policy information. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their

preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards including FRS 101 “Reduced
Disclosure Framework” (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

In our opinion, the financial statements:

¢ give a true and fair view of the company’s affairs as at 31 December 2024 and of its profit for the
year then ended;

«have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice; and

«have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the
company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
statements in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern
basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to
events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability
to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from when the financial statements are
authorised for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described

in the relevant sections of this report. However, because not all future events or conditions can be
predicted, this statement is not a guarantee as to the company's ability to continue as a going concern.

Page 17

_—_=
EY

Shape the future
with confidence

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF ABBOTT LABORATORIES.
LIMITED (Continued)

Other information

The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial
statements and our auditor's report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information
contained within the annual report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent
otherwise explicitly stated in this report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other
information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
course of the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material
inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives
rise to a material misstatement in the financial statements themselves. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information, we are required
to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

« the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report fo the financial year for which
the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

e the strategic report and directors’ report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the
course of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report or directors’
report.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act
2006 requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:

* adequate accounting records have not been kept or returns adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

«the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

«certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

Page 18

2
EY

‘Shape the future
with confidence

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF ABBOTT LABORATORIES
LIMITED (Continued)

Responsibilities of directors

As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement set out on page 16, the directors are
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true
and fair view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company's ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of these financial statements.

Explanation as to what extent the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities,
including fraud

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design
procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect irregularities, including fraud. The
tisk of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional
misrepresentations, or through collusion. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting
irregularities, including fraud is detailed below. However, the primary responsibility for the prevention
and detection of fraud rests with both those charged with governance of the entity and management.

+ We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that are applicable to the
company and determined that the most significant are FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework",
Companies Act 2006, and relevant tax compliance regulations in the UK.

+ We understood how Abbott Laboratories Limited is complying with those frameworks by making
enquiries of management and those charged with governance. We corroborated our enquiries
through reading the board minutes of the Company and we noted that there was no contradictory
evidence.

+ We assessed the susceptibility of the company’s financial statements to material misstatement,
including how fraud might occur by enquiry of management, those charged with governance and
others within the entity, as to whether they have knowledge of any actual or suspected fraud. Where
this risk was considered higher, we performed audit procedures to address the fraud risk. These
procedures included testing manual journal entries and were designed to provide reasonable
assurance that the financial statements were free from fraud or error.

+ Based on this understanding we designed our audit procedures to identify noncompliance with such
laws and regulations. Our procedures involved reading board minutes to identify any non-
compliance with laws and regulations and enquiries of management and those charged with
governance.

Page 19

|)
EY

‘Shape the future
with confidence

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF ABBOTT LABORATORIES
LIMITED (Continued)

Explanation as to what extent the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities,
including fraud (Continued)

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the
Financial Reporting Council's website at https:/Awww.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description
forms part of our auditor's report.

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part
16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the
company’s members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to
anyone other than the company and the company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this
report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Cauk & omg

Feargal De Freine (Senior statutory auditor)

for and on behalf of Ernst & Young Chartered Accountants
Dublin, Ireland

28 August 2025

Page 20

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Profit and Loss Account for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Turnover

Cost of sales

Gross profit
Distribution costs
Administrative expenses

Operating profit

Dividend income

Other interest receivable and similar income
Interest payable and similar expenses

Profit before tax
Tax on profit

Profit for the year

The notes on pages 25 to 63 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 21

Note

eran

2024
£000

639,882
(491,811)
148,071

(20,856)
(107,977)

19,238
230,000
24,768

(7,444)
266,562

(10,375)
256,187

2023
£000

539,543
(405,359)
134,184
(20,063)
(97,398)

16,723
152,000

23,982
(2,530)

190,175
(10,560)

179,615

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2024 2023
Note £000 £000
Profit for the year 256,187 179,615
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or
loss
Actuarial gain on defined benefit pension schemes 24 118,000 20,500
Movement on deferred tax relating to defined benefit pension
scheme 12 (29,500 (5,125)
88,500 15,375
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Unrealised (loss) or gain on cash flow hedges 11,651 (10,854)
Movement on deferred tax relating to cash flow hedges 12 (2,913) 2,714
8,738 (8,140)
Total comprehensive income for the year 353,425 186,850

The notes on pages 25 to 63 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Page 22

Abbott Laboratories Limited

(Registration number: 00329102)
Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2024

Fixed assets
Intangible assets
Tangible assets
Right of use assets
Investments

Current assets

Stocks

Trade and other debtors
Cash at bank and in hand

Creditors: Amounts falling due within one year

Net current assets

Total assets less current liabilities

Creditors: Amounts falling due after more than one year
Provisions for liabilities

Net assets excluding pension asset

Net pension asset

Net assets

Capital and reserves
Called up share capital
Other reserves

Profit and loss account

Shareholders’ funds

Note

13
14
15
16

17
18

20
12

24

22

23
23

Approved by the Board on 26 August 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

R Campbell
Director

The notes on pages 25 to 63 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 23

2024
£000

1,336
82,547
6,851
255,463

346,197

27,824
490,160
6,614

524,598
(487,380)

37,218

383,415
(6,703)
(179,208)

197,504
674,300

871,804

106,842
160,940

604,022

871,804

2023
£000

2,077
79,914
9,786
255,463

347,240

28,268
219,508
5,269

253,045

(219,681)

33,364
380,604
(11,099)

140,290)

229,215

538,100

767,315

106,842
151,138

509,335

767,315

At I January 2024
Profit for the year

Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income
Dividends paid

Share based payment transactions

At31 December 2024

At January 2023
Profit for the year

Other comprehensive income
Total comprehensive income
Dividends

‘Share based payment transactions

At31 December 2023

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Called up Retained
share capital Other reserves earnings
(Note 22) (Note 23) (Note 23) Total
£000 £000 £000 £000
106,842 151,138 509,335 767,315
- - 256,187 256,187
- 8.738 88.500 97.238
- 8,738 344,687 353,425
- - (250,000) (250,000)
: 1,064 - 1,064
106,842 160,940 604,022 __ 871,804
Called up Retained
share capital Other reserves earnings
(Note 22) (Note 23) (Note 23) Total
£000 £000 £000 £000
106,842 158,832 466345 732,019
: - 179,615 179,615
: (8,140) 15,375 7.235
: (8,140) 194,990 186,850
: - (152,000) (152,000)
: 446 : 446
106,842 151,138 509,335, 767,315

‘The notes on pages 25 to 63 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 24

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

1 General information
The Company is a private company limited by share capital, incorporated and domiciled in England and Wales.

The registered number is 00329102 and the address of its registered office is:
Abbott House

Vanwall Business Park

Vanwall Road

Maidenhead

Berkshire

SL6 4XE

United Kingdom

These financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board on 26 August 2025.

2 Accounting policies

Basis of preparation
These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 "Reduced
Disclosure Framework" ("FRS 101").

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure
requirements of international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act
2006 (“UK-adopted IFRS”), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act
2006 and has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions have been taken.

The presentation and functional currency of these financial statements is sterling. All amounts in the financial
statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

Summary of disclosure exemptions

The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, Abbott Laboratories includes the Company in its consolidated
financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of Abbott Laboratories are prepared in accordance
with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ('U.S. GAAP’) Standards and are available to the
public and may be obtained from 100 Abbott Park Road, Abbott Park, Illinois 60064-6400, USA.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of
the following disclosures:

* Cash Flow Statement and related notes;

+ Certain disclosures regarding revenue;

+ Certain disclosures regarding leases;

+ Comparative period reconciliations for share capital, tangible fixed assets and intangible assets;
+ Disclosures in respect of transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries;

+ Disclosures in respect of capital management; and

+ The effects of new but not yet effective IFRSs.

As the consolidated financial statements of Abbott Laboratories include the equivalent disclosures, the
Company has also taken the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

+ IFRS 2 Share-Based Payments in respect of group settled share-based payments; and

Page 25

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Summary of disclosure exemptions (continued)
+ Certain disclosures required by IAS 36 Impairment of assets in respect of the impairment of goodwill and
indefinite life intangible assets; and

* Certain disclosures required by IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement and the disclosures required by IFRS 7
Financial Instrument Disclosures.

Going concern

The Company generated a net profit of £256,187,000 (2023: £179,615,000), has net assets of £871,804,000
(2023: £767,315,000) and current assets of the Company exceed its current liabilities by £37,218,000 (2023:
£33,364,000). Trading profits are expected to continue in the foreseeable future. Therefore, after making
enquiries, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company will continue in operational existence
for a period of twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements.

Accordingly, the Directors continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the annual
report and financial statements.

Exemption from preparing group accounts
The financial statements contain information about Abbott Laboratories Limited as an individual company and
do not contain consolidated financial information as the parent of a group.

The Company is exempt under section 401 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare
consolidated financial statements as it and its subsidiary undertakings are included by full consolidation in the
consolidated financial statements of its parent, Abbott Laboratories, a company incorporated in the United
States of America (‘USA’). The consolidated financial statements may be obtained from 100 Abbott Park Road,
Abbott Park, Illinois, IL 60064-6400, United States of America.

Summary of material accounting policies and key accounting estimates
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated. Key estimates
and judgements are discussed on pages 42 and 43.

New standards, interpretations and amendments adopted from 1 January 2024
The following new standards and amendments are effective for the period beginning 1 January 2024:
+ Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback (Amendments to IFRS 16 Leases).

* Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current (Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial
Statements).

+ Supplier Financial Arrangements (Amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial
Instruments: Disclosures).

None of these amendments had any impact on the Company.
Measurement convention

The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis except that certain financial assets and
financial liabilities (including derivatives) are measured at fair value.

Page 26°

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Revenue recognition
Recognition

The Company eams revenue from the sale of goods, the sale of equipment and related consumable goods,
software licencing and managed service contracts. Tumover is recognised net of VAT.

The principles in IFRS are applied to revenue recognition criteria using the following 5 step model:

1. Identify the contracts with the customer

2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract

3. Determine the transaction price

4. Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
5. Recognise revenue when or as the entity satisfies its performance obligations

Sale of goods

The Company enters into contracts with its customers for the sale of goods which encompass Blood Glucose
Monitoring (BGM) goods, Flash Glucose Monitoring (FGM) goods, Point of Care (POC) diagnostic products
and medical nutrition products.

For the sale of goods, a contract between the Company and the customer exists in various forms including
formal written agreements, purchase orders from the customer or other similar correspondence.

The Company has a contractual obligation to deliver the goods to the customer’s specified location and the
control of goods sold passes to the customer at the time of delivery. On this basis the Company has concluded
that contracts for the sale of goods contain a single performance obligation as the delivery of the goods to the
customer’s premises is not considered to be a distinct performance obligation.

The transaction price is agreed under the contract with the customer and includes an agreed purchase price and
variable consideration including rebates. Rebates represent amounts payable to the customer on achievement of
agreed aggregate levels of purchases or another metric during the specified contractual period. Management
estimates the quantum of rebates payable to the customer taking into account various assumptions including:

+ Target sales volume or growth

+ Expansion of a product portfolio

+ Expansion of market share or other key performance indicators
* Established rebate rates; and

+ Historical level of purchases.

As there is a single performance obligation, the transaction price is wholly allocated to the sale of the specified
goods.

As the control of goods transfers to the customer at a point in time, revenue from the sale of goods is recognised
at the point in time at which the control of the goods has been transferred to the customer i.e., on delivery of the
goods at the customer’s specified location.

Variable consideration agreed under the contract with the customer i.e., rebates payable is estimated and
recorded as a deduction from revenue at the time of transfer of control of goods to the customer.
Sale of equipment and related consumable goods

The Company enters into contracts with its customers for the provision of glucose meters and compatible
glucose strips.

Page 27

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

For the sale of equipment and related consumable goods, a contract between the Company and the customer
exists in various forms including formal written agreements, purchase orders from the customer or other similar
correspondence.

Glucose testing strips supplied by the Company can only be used with the Company's glucose testing meters.
The Company typically does not sell the meters to customers separately and therefore in assessing the
performance obligations in the contract, the Company has determined that the provision of the glucose meters
and compatible glucose strips represent a single distinct performance obligation.

The transaction price is agreed under the contract with the customer and includes an agreed purchase price for
the compatible glucose strips. As there is only a single performance obligation, an allocation of the transaction
price is not applicable for this revenue stream.

Control of the glucose testing strips transfers to the customer at a point in time, being the delivery of the testing
strips at the customer’s specified location. Therefore, revenue is recognised from the sale of the glucose testing
strips at the point of delivery to the customer.

Software licensing

For software licensing, a contract between the Company and the customer exists in the form of written
agreements. The Company's identified obligations under the software licensing contract include the licensing of
the software, the installation of the software, training to operate the software, and servicing and maintenance.

The Company has determined that there are two distinct performance obligations in the contract (i) servicing
and maintenance of the software and (ii) the licensing of the software. Training to operate the software and
installation of the software can only be performed by the Company's personnel given its specialised nature, and
in addition, these services are not sold separately by the Company and therefore are not considered to be distinct
from the performance obligation to license the software.

The transaction price is agreed under the contract with the customer and typically includes an agreed purchase
price for licensing, installation and training to operate the software and a separate purchase price is agreed for
the servicing and maintenance. As the consideration for the two distinct performance obligations are agreed
separately under the contact and are representative of the fair value of the consideration charged under similar
arrangements on a standalone basis, a further manual allocation of the transaction price is not required.

Revenue recognition for software licensing is determined on the basis of whether the licensing arrangement
provides the right to access or the right to use the software for the customer.

A right to access the software exists if all of the below criteria are met:
+ The Company expects to undertake activities which directly impact the software;

* The customer is directly exposed to the positive or negative effects of the activities undertaken by the
Company; and
+ The activities undertaken by the Company do not result in the transfer of goods and services to the customer.

In the case that any of the above criteria are not met, the Company provides its customer with a right to use the
software.

Where the customer is granted a right to access the Company’s software, revenue is recognised over the period
of the license. Where the customer is granted a right to use the Company’s software, revenue is recognised at the
point that the software is installed and training to operate the software has been completed. Revenue recognition
in respect of the servicing and maintenance is on a straight line basis over the term of the contract.

Page 28

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Managed service contracts

The Company enters into managed service contracts with its customers to provide them with all required
products and equipment to enable pathology laboratories to operate and allow them to perform a variety of
agreed tests to aid in the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of disease.

A contract between the Company and the customer exists in the form of written agreements. Identified
performance obligations in the contract include (i) the supply of laboratory equipment and granting the right of
use of the equipment for the contractual term (ii) delivery of the equipment, (iii) installation of the equipment
(iv) training to operate the equipment, (v) servicing and maintenance of the equipment, (vi) sale of consumables
and (vii) delivery of consumables.

In assessing the contracts identified performance obligations, the Company has concluded that there are two
distinct performance obligations being (i) the provision of capital equipment in the fit out of the pathology
laboratory and (ii) the provision and sale of consumables for use in the pathology laboratory. The provision of
capital equipment in the fit out of the pathology laboratory performance obligation includes the provision,
delivery, installation and training to operate the equipment (as the delivery, installation and training are not
considered to be individually distinct performance obligations).

In those contracts whereby capital equipment and related consumables are sourced by the Company from a
third-party supplier, an additional performance obligation has been identified in respect of contract management
services for which a management fee is charged to the customer.

The transaction price is agreed under the contract with the customer and includes either:

* Standard contracts which include a separate selling price for consumables and consideration for use of the
equipment; or

+ A Cost Per Reportable (CPR) unit model.

Revenue from the sale of consumables is variable as the customer determines the volume purchased. Under the
CPR model specifically, revenue is further dependent on the number of successful tests performed.

Variable consideration under both the CPR model and Standard model is subjective and uncertain as the
consideration is susceptible to factors outside the Company’s influence i.e. for CPR based contracts the number
of successful tests is dependent on the number of tests the customer needs to complete in order to meet local
demand (and additionally whether or not these tests are successful). Similarly, for Standard contracts, the
number of reagents ordered by the customer is also dependent on patient demands. Therefore, for both Standard
and CPR contracts, the Company is subject to constraints for estimating variable consideration and recognises
revenue only once the uncertainty surrounding the consideration is resolved, i.e. on provision of the
consumables (under the standard contracts) and completion of a successful test (under the CPR based contracts).

As noted above, in certain circumstances Abbott will charge a separate management fee for the sourcing and
provision of third-party capital equipment and consumables. This fee represents variable consideration.

The use of equipment is considered to constitute an operating lease as the Company retains title to the
equipment at the end of the lease term i.e. title does not transfer to the customer; and the Company is
responsible for the servicing and maintenance of the equipment.

Page 29

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Principal versus agent

The Company has arrangements whereby it needs to determine if it acts as a principal or an agent as more than
one party is involved in providing the goods and services to the customer. The Company acts as a principal if it
controls a promised good or service before transferring that good or service to the customer. The Company is an
agent if its role is to arrange for another entity to provide the goods or services. Factors considered in making
this assessment are most notably the discretion the Company has in establishing the price for the specified good
or service, whether the Company has inventory risk and whether the Company is primarily responsible for
fulfilling the promise to deliver the service or good.

Where the Company is acting as a principal, revenue is recorded on a gross basis. Where the Company is acting
as an agent revenue is recorded at a net amount reflecting the margin earned.

Capitalisation of costs to obtain or fulfil a contract

The incremental costs of obtaining and fulfilling a contract with a customer are recognised as an asset if the
Company expects to recover them. The Company incurs costs such as sales commissions to obtain a contract.

Judgement is applied by the Company when determining what costs qualify to be capitalised in particular when
considering whether these costs are incremental and whether these are expected to be recoverable.

Costs to obtain a contract are included in the balance sheet as a separate class of asset. These assets are
subsequently charged to the profit and loss account over the expected contract period.

The amortisation charge is included in the profit and loss account in administration expenses.

Deferred tax

Deferred tax is recognised in respect of all timing differences that have originated but not reversed at the
balance sheet date. Timing differences are differences between the Company's taxable profits and its results as
stated in the financial statements that arise from the inclusion of gains and losses in tax assessments in different
periods from those in which they are recognised in the financial statements. A net deferred tax asset is
recognised as recoverable only when, on the basis of available evidence, it can be regarded as more likely than
not that there will be suitable taxable profits from which the future reversal of the underlying timing differences
can be deducted. Deferred tax is not discounted.

Interest receivable
Interest income is due to the Company from loans to affiliated group companies, or cash deposits with affiliated
group companies or third party banks and is calculated daily and accrued monthly.

Interest payable
Interest payable by the Company to third parties is accrued in line with agreed rates when it is known that a
liability will arise.

Foreign currency transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the closing rate at the
balance sheet date. Exchange differences are included in the profit and loss account. The Company also enters
into cash flow hedge transactions. To the extent that the hedge is considered to be effective the cumulative gain
or loss on the forward contract is recognised in other comprehensive income. Amounts are transferred to the
profit and loss account in the period in which the hedged cash flows impact profit or loss.

Page 30

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Tax

UK corporation tax is provided at amounts expected to be paid, or recovered, using the tax rates and laws
enacted or substantially enacted at the balance sheet date.

Intangible assets

Software assets are stated in the statement of financial position at cost, less any subsequent accumulated
amortisation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses. The cost of software assets includes directly
attributable incremental costs incurred in their acquisition and implementation.

Amortisation
Amortisation is calculated, using the straight-line method, to allocate the cost of the assets to their residual
values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

Asset class Amortisation method and rate
Software 5 years
Tangible assets

Tangible assets are stated in the balance sheet at cost, less any subsequent accumulated depreciation and
subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

The cost of tangible assets includes directly attributable incremental costs incurred in their acquisition and
installation.

Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each balance sheet date.

Depreci:
Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost of assets, other than land and properties under construction,
over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

Asset class Depreciation method and rate
Leasehold land and buildings Straight line 5 - 10 %

Furniture, fittings and equipment Straight line 8 - 50%

Right-of-use assets Straight line over the life of the lease

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and call deposits, and other short-term highly liquid
investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of
changes in value.

Investments

Investments in subsidiaries are initially recognised at fair value, which is normally the transaction price (but
excludes any transaction costs, where the investment is subsequently measured at fair value through profit and
loss). Subsequently, investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less provision for impairment.

Provisions
A provision is recognised when the Company has a legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event
and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.

Page 31

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Impairment of non-financial assets excluding stocks and deferred tax assets

The carrying amounts of the Company's non-financial assets, other than stocks and deferred tax assets, are
reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such
\dication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. For goodwill, and intangible assets that have
indefinite useful lives or that are not yet available for use, the recoverable amount is estimated each year at the
same time.

The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less
costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using
a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
to the asset. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together
into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of
the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”). The goodwill acquired in a
business combination, for the purpose of impairment testing, is allocated to cash-generating units, or (“CGU”).

Subject to an operating segment ceiling test, for the purposes of goodwill impairment testing, CGUs to which
goodwill has been allocated are aggregated so that the level at which impairment is tested reflects the lowest
level at which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill acquired in a business
combination is allocated to groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated
recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect
of CGUs are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the units, and then to
reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets in the unit (group of units) on a pro rata basis.

An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.

In respect of other assets, impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for
any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a
change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the
extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined,
net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Page 32

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Leases
Definition

A lease is a contract, or a part of a contract, that conveys the right to use an asset or a physically distinct part of
an asset (“the underlying asset”) for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Further, the contract must
convey the right to the company to control the asset or a physically distinct portion thereof. A contract is
deemed to convey the right to control the underlying asset if, throughout the period of use, the company has the
right to:

+ Obtain substantially all the economic benefits from the use of the underlying asset, and;
- Direct the use of the underlying asset (e.g. direct how and for what purpose the asset is used)

Where contracts contain a lease coupled with an agreement to purchase or sell other goods or services (i.e.,
non-lease components), the non-lease components are identified and accounted for separately from the lease
component. The consideration in the contract is allocated to the lease and non-lease components on a relative
standalone price basis using the principles in IFRS15.

Initial recognition and measurement

The company initially recognises a lease liability for the obligation to make lease payments and a right-of-use
asset for the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term.

The lease liability is measured at the present value of the lease payments to be made over the lease term. The
lease payments include fixed payments, purchase options at exercise price (where payment is reasonably
certain), expected amount of residual value guarantees, termination option penalties (where payment is
considered reasonably certain) and variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate initially measured
using the index or rate as at the commencement date.

The right-of-use asset is initially measured at the amount of the lease liability, adjusted for lease prepayments,
lease incentives received, the company’s initial direct costs (e.g., commissions) and an estimate of restoration,
removal and dismantling costs.

Subsequent measurement

After the commencement date, the company measures the lease liability by:
(a) Increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability;

(b) Reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made; and

(c) Re-measuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or lease modifications or to reflect revised in
substance fixed lease payments or on the occurrence of other specific events.

Interest on the lease liability in each period during the lease term is the amount that produces a constant periodic
rate of interest on the remaining balance of the lease liability. Interest charges are included in finance cost in the
income statement, unless the costs are included in the carrying amount of another asset applying other
applicable standards. Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of the lease liability, are
included in operating expenses in the period in which the event or condition that triggers them arises.

The related right-of-use asset is accounted for using the Cost model in IAS 16 and depreciated and charged in
accordance with the depreciation requirements of [AS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment as disclosed in the
accounting policy for Tangible Assets. Adjustments are made to the carrying value of the right of use asset
where the lease liability is re-measured in accordance with the above. Right of use assets are tested for
impairment in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of assets as disclosed in the accounting policy for
Impairment of non-financial assets excluding stocks and deferred tax assets.

Page 33

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Lease modifications

If a lease is modified, the modified contract is evaluated to determine whether it is or contains a lease. If a lease
continues to exist, the lease modification will result in either a separate lease or a change in the accounting for
the existing lease.

The modification is accounted for as a separate lease if both:

(a) The modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets;
and

(b) The consideration for the lease increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the
increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of the
particular contract.

If both of these conditions are met, the lease modification results in two separate leases, the unmodified original
lease and a separate lease. The company then accounts for these in line with the accounting policy for new
leases.

If either of the conditions are not met, the modified lease is not accounted for as a separate lease and the
consideration is allocated to the contract and the lease liability is re-measured using the lease term of the
modified lease and the discount rate as determined at the effective date of the modification.

For a modification that fully or partially decreases the scope of the lease (e.g., reduces the square footage of
leased space), IFRS 16 requires a lessee to decrease the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset to reflect
partial or full termination of the lease. Any difference between those adjustments is recognised in profit or loss
at the effective date of the modification.

For all other lease modifications which are not accounted for as a separate lease, IFRS 16 requires the lessee to
recognise the amount of the re-measurement of the lease liability as an adjustment to the corresponding
right-of-use asset without affecting profit or loss.

Short term and low value leases

The company has made an accounting policy election, by class of underlying asset, not to recognise lease assets
and lease liabilities for leases with a lease term of 12 months or less (i.e., short-term leases).

The company has made an accounting policy election on a lease-by-lease basis, not to recognise lease assets on
leases for which the underlying asset is of low value.

Lease payments on short term and low value leases are accounted for on a straight line bases over the term of
the lease or other systematic basis if considered more appropriate. Short term and low value lease payments are
included in operating expenses in the profit and loss account.

Sale and leaseback transactions entered into by the Company that result in a finance lease are accounted for as
finance leases as set out above. Any excess of sales proceeds over the carrying amount arising from such
transactions is deferred and amortised over the lease term.

Stocks

Stocks are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost is based on the latest purchase price. Net
realisable value is based on nominal selling price, less anticipated applicable selling costs. Provision is made for
slow moving or obsolete stock, where appropriate.

Page 34

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Share capital
Share capital represents the nominal (par) value of ordinary shares that have been issued. These shares are
classified as equity. Direct costs of issuing equity instruments are immaterial and are therefore not deducted.

Dividends

Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Company’s financial
statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s shareholders. Dividend income
from subsidiary companies is recognised on the date the directors of the subsidiary declare the dividend.

Defined contribution pension obligation

Contributions to the defined contribution scheme are recognised in the profit and loss account in the period in
which they become payable. Contributions by the Company and the employees are held within the Legal and
General Master Trust which is administered by separate trustees.

Defined benefit pension obligation

The Company participates in the Abbott Laboratories Pension Fund (1966), a multi-employer defined benefit
pension scheme for employees under which contributions by employees and the Company are held by a
separately administered trustee company. The scheme was closed to new entrants in June 2015 from which time
membership of a defined contribution scheme was available.

‘The cost of providing benefits under the defined benefit scheme is determined using the projected unit credit
method, which attributes entitlement to benefits to the current period (to determine current service cost) and to
the current and prior periods (to determine the present value of defined benefit obligations) and is based on
actuarial advice. When a settlement or curtailment occurs the change in the present value of the scheme
liabilities and the fair value of the scheme assets reflects the gain or loss which is recognised in the income
statement during the period in which it occurs.

The net interest element is determined by multiplying the defined benefit net pension asset by the discount rate
at the start of the period taking into account any changes in the defined benefit net asset during the period as a
result of contribution and benefit payments. The net interest is recognised in profit or loss as interest receivable
or interest payable.

Re-measurements, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling and the return on the net
defined benefit asset (excluding amounts included in net interest) are recognised immediately in other
comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Re-measurements are not reclassified to profit and
loss in subsequent periods.

The defined benefit net asset or liability in the balance sheet comprises the total value of the defined benefit
obligation (using a discount rate based on high quality corporate bonds), less the fair value of scheme assets out
of which the obligations are to be settled directly. Fair value is based on market price information and in the
case of quoted securities is the published bid price. The value of a net pension benefit asset is recognised to the
extent that it can be recovered through reduced future contributions or a refund.

Abbott Laboratories Limited is the sponsoring employer of the defined benefit scheme as it is the principal
employer. There is no contractual agreement or stated policy for charging the defined benefit cost of the plan as
a whole to individual group entities. Therefore, the Company has recognised the entire net defined benefit cost
less those contributions paid by other group companies participating in the scheme and the relevant net defined
benefit asset of the scheme in its individual financial statements.

Page 35

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Share based payments
The Company took advantage of the option available in IFRS 1 to apply IFRS 2 only to equity instruments. The
ultimate parent company issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain employees. Equity-settled
share-based payments are measured at fair value (excluding the effect of non market-based vesting conditions)
at the date of grant. The fair value determined at the grant date of equity-settled share-based payments is
expensed on a basis over the vesting period, based on the group's estimate of shares that will eventually vest and
adjusted for the effect of non market-based vesting conditions. Fair value is measured by use of the
Black-Scholes pricing model. The expected life used in the model has been adjusted, based on management's
best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions, and behavioural considerations,
including forfeiture. The Company also provides employees with the ability to purchase the ultimate parent
company’s ordinary shares at the current market value via a deduction from gross pay. The Company operates a
matching arrangement under which additional shares are purchased and held for the employee. The Company
records an expense of the actual cost of matching shares purchased. The Company makes payments to the
ultimate parent company in relation to restricted stock units granted to its employees. The Company records a
deemed capital contribution where the value of such restricted stock units granted exceeds the payments made to
the ultimate parent company. In cases where the value of the payments made to the ultimate parent company
exceeds the value of such restricted stock units granted, these payments are recorded in the profit and loss
account.

Financial instruments

Initial recognition

Financial assets and financial liabilities comprise all assets and liabilities reflected in the balance sheet,
excluding tangible assets, right of use assets, intangible assets, deferred tax assets, prepayments, deferred tax
liabilities and employee benefits plan.

The company recognises financial assets and financial liabilities in the balance sheet when, and only when, the
company becomes party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument.

Financial assets (unless trade receivables without significant financing component) are initially recognised at
fair value. Financial liabilities are initially recognised at fair value, representing the proceeds received net of
premiums, discounts and transaction costs that are directly attributable to the financial liability. A trade
receivable without a significant financing component is initially measured at transaction price.

Subsequent to initial measurement, financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at either amortised cost
or fair value.

Page 36

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Classification and measurement
Financial instruments are classified at inception into one of the following categories, which then determine the
subsequent measurement methodology:-

Financial assets are classified into one of the following three categories:-

+ financial assets at amortised cost;

: financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI); or
: financial assets at fair value through the profit or loss (FVTPL).

Financial liabilities are classified into one of the following two categories:-
+ financial liabilities at amortised cost; or
- financial liabilities at fair value through the profit or loss (FVTPL).

The classification and the basis for measurement are subject to the company’s business model for managing the
financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets, as detailed below:-

Financial assets at amortised cost

A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated
as at FVTPL:-

- the assets are held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual cash
flows; and

+ the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

If either of the above two criteria are not met, the financial assets are classified and measured at fair value
through the profit or loss (FVTPL).

Ifa financial asset meets the amortised cost criteria, the company may choose to designate the financial asset at
FVTPL. Such an election is irrevocable and applicable only if the FVTPL classification significantly reduces a
measurement or recognition inconsistency.

Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCT)
A financial asset is measured at FVTOCI only if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated
as at FVTPL:-

the asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows
and selling financial assets; and
+ the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments
of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the company may irrevocably elect to
present subsequent changes in fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis.

If an equity investment is designated as FVTOCI, all gains and losses, except for dividend income, are
recognised in other comprehensive income and are not subsequently included in the statement of income.

Financial assets at fair value through the profit or loss (FVTPL)
Financial assets not otherwise classified above are classified and measured as FVTPL.

Page 37

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Subsequent measurement and gains and losses
Financial assets at FVTPL - these assets (other than derivatives designated as hedging instruments) are
subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses, including any interest or dividend income, are
recognised in profit or loss.

Financial assets at amortised cost - These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains
and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in
profit or loss.

Debt investments at FVOCI - these assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income calculated
using the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or
loss. Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in OCI
are reclassified to profit or loss.

Equity investments at FVOCI - these assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognised
as income in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI and are never reclassified to profit or loss.

Financial liabilities at amortised cost
All financial liabilities, other than those classified as financial liabilities at FVTPL, are measured at amortised
cost using the effective interest rate method.

Financial liabilities at fair value through the profit or loss
Financial liabilities not measured at amortised cost are classified and measured at FVTPL. This classification
includes derivative liabilities.

Derecognition
Financial assets

The Company derecognises a financial asset when;

- the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire,

- it transfers the right to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks
and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred; or

- the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not
retain control of the financial asset.

On derecognition of a financial asset, the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and the sum of the
consideration received is recognised as a gain or loss in the profit or loss.

Financial liabilities

The Company derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged, cancelled, or
expire.

Page 38

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Modification of financial assets and financial
Financial assets

If the terms of a financial asset are modified, the company evaluates whether the cash flows of the modified
asset are substantially different. If the cash flows are substantially different, then the contractual rights to the
cash flows from the original financial asset are deemed to expire. In this case the original financial asset is
derecognised and a new financial asset is recognised at either amortised cost or fair value.

If the cash flows are not substantially different, then the modification does not result in derecognition of the
financial asset. In this case, the company recalculates the gross carrying amount of the financial asset and
recognises the amount arising from adjusting the gross carrying amount as a modification gain or loss in the
profit and loss account.

Financial liabilities

If the terms of a financial liability are modified, the company evaluates whether the cash flows of the modified
liability are substantially different. If the cash flows are substantially different, then the contractual obligations
from the cash flows from the original financial liability is deemed to expire. In this case the original financial
liability is derecognised and new financial liability is recognised at either amortised cost or fair value.

If the cash flows are not substantially different, then the modification does not result in derecognition of the
financial liabilities. In this case, the company recalculates the gross carrying amount of the financial liabilities
and recognises the amount arising from adjusting the gross carrying amount as a modification gain or loss in the
profit and loss account.

Impairment of financial assets
Measurement of Expected Credit Losses
The company recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses (ECL) on financial instruments that are not

measured at FVTPL, namely:

- Financial assets that are debt instruments
- Accounts and other receivables

- Financial guarantee contracts issued; and
- Loan commitments issued.

The company classifies its financial instruments into stage 1, stage 2 and stage 3, based on the applied
impairment methodology, as described below:

Stage 1: for financial instruments where there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
recognition and that are not credit-impaired on origination, the company recognises an allowance based on the
12-month ECL.

Stage 2: for financial instruments where there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
recognition but they are not credit-impaired, the company recognises an allowance for the lifetime ECL.

Stage 3: for credit-impaired financial instruments, the company recognises the lifetime ECL.

Page 39

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

The Company measures loss allowances at an amount equal to the lifetime ECL, except for the following, for
which they are measured as a 12-month ECL:

- debt securities that are determined to have a low credit risk (equivalent to investment grade rating) at the
reporting date; and

- other financial instruments on which the credit risk has not increased significantly since their initial
recognition.

The Company considers a debt security to have low credit risk when their credit risk rating is equivalent to the
globally understood definition of ‘investment grade’.

A 12-month ECL is the portion of the ECL that results from default events on a financial instrument that are
probable within 12 months from the reporting date.

Provisions for credit-impairment are recognised in the statement of income and are reflected in accumulated
provision balances against each relevant financial instruments balance.

The Company assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than 30
days past due.

The Company considers a financial asset to be in default when:

- the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Company in full, without recourse by the Company
to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or

- the financial asset is more than 90 days past due.

Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial
instrument.

12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months
after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months).

The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the
Company is exposed to credit risk.

ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all
cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and
the cash flows that the Company expects to receive). ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the
financial asset.

Credit-impaired financial assets

At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost and debt
securities at FVOCI are credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events that
have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

Write-offs

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is
no realistic prospect of recovery.

Page 40

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Derivative financial instruments

Derivative financial instruments are contracts, the value of which is derived from one or more underlying
financial instruments or indices, and include futures, forwards, swaps and options in the interest rate, foreign
exchange, equity and credit markets.

Derivative financial instruments are recognised in the balance sheet at fair value. Fair values are derived from
prevailing market prices, discounted cash flow models or option pricing models as appropriate.

Derivative financial instruments with positive fair values (unrealised gains) are included as assets and derivative
financial instruments with negative fair values (unrealised losses) are included as liabilities in the balance sheet.

The changes in the fair values of derivative financial instruments entered into for trading purposes are included
in trading income.

Hedge accounting
Derivatives held for risk management purposes include all derivative assets and liabilities that are not classified
as trading asséts and liabilities.

The Company designates certain derivatives held for risk management as well as certain non-derivative
financial instruments as hedging instruments in qualifying hedging relationships. On initial designation of the
hedge, the company formally documents the relationship between the hedging instruments and hedge items,
including the risk management objective and strategy in undertaking the hedge, together with the method that
will be used to assess the effectiveness of the hedging relationship. The Company makes an assessment, both at
inception of the hedge relationship and on an ongoing basis, of whether the hedging instruments are expected to
be highly effective in offsetting the changes in the fair value or cash flows of the respective hedged items during
the period for which the hedge is designated.

These hedging relationships are discussed below.

Cash flow hedges

The company makes an assessment for a cash flow hedge of a forecast transaction, of whether the forecast
transaction is highly probable to occur and presents an exposure to variations in cash flows that could ultimately
affect profit or loss.

When a derivative is designated as the hedging instrument in a hedge of the variability in cash flows attributable
to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability that could affect profit or loss, then the
effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognised in OCI and presented in the hedging
reserve within capital and reserves. Any ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is
recognised immediately in profit or loss. The amount recognised in OCI is reclassified to profit or loss as a
reclassification adjustment in the same period as the hedged cash flows affect profit or loss, and in the same line
item in the statement of profit or loss and OCI.

If the hedging derivative expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, or the hedge no longer meets the criteria for

cash flow hedge accounting, or the hedge designation is revoked, then hedge accounting is discontinued
prospectively.

Page 41

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

3 Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimations and
assumptions that affect the amounts reported for assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date and the amounts
reported for revenues and expenses during the year. However, the nature of estimation means that the actual
outcomes could differ from those estimates.

Tax Uncertainty

The recognition and measurement of current and deferred tax liabilities and assets require significant judgement
and estimation. The level of tax recognised is dependent on subjective judgement regarding the outcome of
decisions to be made by the UK tax authority. These judgements include the interpretation of complex tax laws
and regulations, the assessment of the likelihood of successful outcomes in tax disputes, and the estimation of
future taxable profits.

Management regularly reviews the adequacy of tax provisions and the carrying amount of deferred tax assets,
considering the latest developments in tax legislation and case law, as well as the status of ongoing tax audits
and disputes. Changes in these judgements and estimates could result in material adjustments to the financial
statements in future periods.

Key sources of estimation uncertainty

Impairment of investments in subsidiaries

At the end of each reporting period, the carrying amounts of the Company’s equity investments are reviewed to
determine whether there is any indication or objective evidence of impairment, as appropriate, and if any such
indication or objective evidence exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated. The recoverable
amount of an asset is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. Whenever the carrying
amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, an impairment loss is recognised and the carrying amount of
the asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised immediately in profit or loss
account.

For assets where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to the
revised estimate of its recoverable amount, not to exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined
had no impairment losses been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of impairment is recognised
immediately in the profit or loss account.

Pension and other post employment benefits

The cost of the defined benefit pension plan is determined using actuarial valuations. The actuarial valuation
involves making assumptions about discount rates. Due to the complexity of the valuation, the underlying
assumptions and the long term nature of these plans, such estimates are subject to significant uncertainty. In
determining the appropriate discount rate, management considers the interest rates of corporate bonds in the
respective currency with at least AA rating, with extrapolated maturities corresponding to the expected duration
of the defined benefit obligation. The underlying bonds are reviewed for quality, and those having excessive
credit spreads are removed from the population of bonds on which the discount rate is based, on the basis that
they do not represent high quality bonds. The mortality rate is based on publicly available mortality tables for
the specific country. Future salary increases and pension increases are based on expected future inflation rates
for the respective country.

Page 42

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

3 Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

Taxation

The Company establishes provisions based on reasonable estimates, for possible consequences of audits by the
UK tax authorities. The amount of such provisions is based on various factors, such as experience with previous
tax audits and differing interpretations of tax regulations by the Company and the responsible tax authority.
Management estimation is required to determine the amounts of deferred tax assets that can be recognised,
based upon likely timing and level of future profits together with an assessment of the effect of future tax
planning strategies.

Provision for expected credit losses
Provision for expected credit losses is determined using a combination of factors to ensure that trade debtors are
not overstated due to uncertainty of recoverability. The allowance for estimated irrecoverable debtors for all
customers is based on a variety of factors, including the overall quality and ageing of receivables and continuing
credit evaluation of the customer’s financial conditions. Also, specific allowances for individual accounts are
recorded when the Company becomes aware of the customer’s inability to meet its financial obligations.

Provision for stock allowance

The Company's product range is subject to changing consumer demands, expiries and technological changes. As
a result, it is necessary to consider the recoverability of the cost of stock and associated provisioning required.
When calculating the stock provision, management considers the nature and condition of the stock, as well as
applying assumptions around anticipated saleability of finished goods.

4 Turnover

The analysis of the Company's tumover for the year from continuing operations is as follows:

2024 2023
£000 £000
Sale of goods 544,728 459,172
Software licencing 3,856 2,840
Managed service contracts. 91,298 77,531

6.

2. 539,543

The total tumover of the Company for the financial year has been derived from its principal activities wholly
undertaken in the United Kingdom.

Page 43

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

5 Operating profit
Arrived at after charging/(crediting)

Depreciation expense

Depreciation of assets held under finance leases
Depreciation on right of use assets
Amortisation expense

Foreign exchange (gains)/losses

Loss on disposal of tangible assets

6 Dividend income

Dividend income

7 Interest receivable and similar income

Interest income on defined benefit pension (net)

Other finance income - interest on amounts owed by group

entities

8 Interest payable and similar expenses

Interest on corporation tax
Interest paid to group undertakings
Interest expense on leases

Page 44

Note
16

Note
24

Note

2024
£000

14,405
1,725
4,559

741
(410)
4

2024
£000

230,000

2024
£000

24,500
268
24,768

2024
£000

6,886
558

7,444

2023
£000

13,306
1,725
4,537

1,790
9

2023
£000
152,000

2023
£000

_ 23,800

182
23,982

2023
£000

126
1,680
724

2,530

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

9 — Staff costs

The aggregate payroll costs (including Directors’ remuneration) were as follows:

2024 2023

Note £000 £000

Wages and salaries 51,742 49,993
Social security costs 6,183 6,054
Pension costs, defined contribution scheme 24 4,585 3,943
Pension costs, defined benefit scheme 24 5,800 7,400
Share-based payment expenses 4,220 3,675

72,530 71,065

The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by
category was as follows:

2024 2023

No. No.

Administration and support 555 539
Distribution 25 27.
580 566

10 Directors' remuneration
The Directors’ remuneration for the year was as follows:

2024 2023

£000 £000

Remuneration 328 315
Pensions - defined contribution scheme 43 41
Pensions - defined benefit scheme - 3
Benefits under long-term incentive schemes 167 176
538 535

During the year the number of Directors who were receiving benefits and share incentives was as follows:

2024 2023
No. No.
Received or were entitled to receive shares under long term incentive
schemes 1
Accruing benefits under money purchase pension scheme L 1

Page 45

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

10 Directors' remuneration (continued)

In respect of the highest paid Director:

2024 2023
£000 £000
Remuneration 328 282
Benefits under long-term incentive schemes 167 175
Pensions - defined contribution scheme 43 41

During the year the highest paid Director received or was entitled to receive shares under a long term incentive
scheme.

11 Auditor's remuneration

2024 2023
£000 £000
Audit of the financial statements 34 32

Other fees to the auditor
Taxation services 36 35

12 Taxation

Tax charged/(credited) in the profit and loss account

2024 2023
£000 £000
Current taxation
UK corporation tax 3,415 3,487
UK corporation tax adjustment to prior periods 454 408

3,869 3,895

Deferred taxation

Arising from origination and reversal of temporary differences 6,242 6,628
Arising from previously unrecognised tax loss, tax credit or temporary

difference of prior periods 264 37
Total deferred taxation 6,506 6,665
Tax expense in the profit and loss account 10,375 10,560

Page 46

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

12 Taxation (continued)

The tax on profit before tax for the year differs from the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK of 25%
(2023 - 23.5%).

The differences are reconciled below:

2024 2023

£000 £000
Profit before tax 266,562 190,175
Corporation tax at standard rate 66,641 44,691
Increase in tax due to adjustments with respect to prior periods 718 446
Difference in corporation tax and deferred taxation rate - 361
Effect of non-taxable dividend income (57,500) (35,720)
Increase from change in basis adjustment for adoption of IFRS 16 17 16
Decrease from adjustment in respect of additional 30% super deduction - (10)
Effect of expenses not deductible in determining taxable profit 499 7716

A number of Abbott group companies in the UK, including the Company, are participants in an HMRC profit
division compliance facility (PDCF) process. The PDCF is a voluntary transfer pricing self-assessment process
under which the taxpayer delivers a report to HMRC, disclosing any areas in which it identifies additional tax
that is due, Included within the Corporation tax liability is a provision of £1,215,000 (2023: £905,000) which
represents management's view of the most likely outcome of the PDCF process. After submission of a final
report by the Company, discovery assessments relating to financial year 2018 were issued by HMRC on
December 19th 2024. HMRC have indicated their initial disagreement with the tax calculations submitted by the
companies and an appeals process is currently ongoing with the expectation that a conclusion will not be
reached before the end of 2025.

Management continue to believe the submissions are accurate and the accrual of the additional liability, as
calculated by Abbott, within the financial statements at 31st December 2024, represents the best estimate of the
related exposure.

Factors that may affect future tax charges

Pillar Two legislation

In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) issued model rules
for a new global minimum tax framework (“Pillar Two”), and various governments around the world have
issued, or are in the process of issuing, legislation modelled on the OECD Pillar Two rules. The Company is
part of a multinational group of companies that operate in jurisdictions that have enacted Pillar Two legislation
(the, “Group”).

Pillar Two legislation was enacted in the UK, the jurisdiction in which the Company is tax resident, and has
come into effect for fiscal years beginning 1 January 2024. The Group has performed an assessment of the
Group’s Pillar Two tax liability and has determined that the Company is not liable for additional taxes under
Pillar Two.

The Company applies the exception for recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and
liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes, as provided in IAS 12 Income Taxes.

Page 47

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

12. Taxation (continued)

‘Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income

Before tax
£000

Gain/(loss) on cash flow hedges 651

Remeasurements of post employment benefit

obligations 118,000

129,651

2024

Tax (expense)
benefit
£000

2,913)
(29,500)
(32,413)

Page 48

2023,
‘Tax (expense)

Net of tax Before tax benefit
£000 £000 £000
8,738 (10,854) 274

88,500 20,500 (5,125)
97,238 9,646 any

Net of tax
£000

(8,140)

15,375
2235

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

12 Taxation (continued)

Deferred tax

Deferred tax assets and liabilities

2024

Accelerated tax depreciation
Pension benefit obligations
Other items

2023

Accelerated tax depreciation
Pension benefit obligations
Other items

Deferred tax movement during the year:

Net deferred

Asset Liability tax
£000 £000 £000

- (12,999) (12,999)

- (168,575) (168,575)
5,330 (2,964) 2,366
5,330 184,538) 179,208
Net deferred

Asset Liability tax
£000 £000 £000
- (10,620) (10,620)

- (134,525) (134,525)
5,606 (751) 4,855

5,606 145,896) 140,290)

Recognised in

At other At
lJanuary Recognised in comprehensive 31 December
2024 income income 2024
£000 £000 £000 £000
Accelerated tax depreciation (10,620) (2,379) - (12,999)
Pension benefit obligations (134,525) (4,550) (29,500) (168,575)
Other items 4,855 423 (2,913) 2,366
(140,290) (6,506) (32,413) (179,208)
Deferred tax movement during the prior year:
Recognised in
At other At
January Recognised in comprehensive 31 December
2023 income income 2023
£000 £000 £000 £000
Accelerated tax depreciation (8,049) (2,571) - (10,620)
Pension benefit obligations (125,425) 3,975) (5,125) (134,525)
Other items 2,261 (119) 2,713 4,855
(131,213) (6,665) (2,412) (140,290)

Page 49

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

13 Intangible assets

Cost or valuation
At | January 2024
Additions

At 31 December 2024

Amortisation
At 1 January 2024
Amortisation charge

At 31 December 2024
Carrying amount

At 31 December 2024
At 31 December 2023

Software

£000

4,429

4,429

2,352
741

3,093

1,336
2,077

The amortisation charge relating to software assets is recognised within administrative expenses in the Profit

and Loss account.

Page 50

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

14 Tangible assets

Furniture,
Leasehold land fittings and Assets under
and buildings equipment construction Total
£000 £000 £000 £000

Cost or valuation
At | January 2024 5,280 165,990 273 171,543
Additions 140 19,224 346 19,710
Disposals (26) (7,278) - (7,304)
Transfers : 273 273; :
At 31 December 2024 5,394 178,209 346 183,949
Depreciation
At 1 January 2024 4,028 87,601 - 91,629
Charge for the year 359 15,771 - 16,130
Eliminated on disposal (26) (6,331) = (6,357)
At 31 December 2024 4,361 97,041 - 101,402
Carrying amount
At 31 December 2024 1,033 81,168 346 82,547
At 31 December 2023 1,252 78,389, * 273 79,914

Included in Furniture, fittings and equipment are assets held under finance leases, where the Company is the
lessor, with a net carrying value of £3,190,000 (2023: £4,915,000).

Page 51

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

15 _ Right of use assets

Right of use assets
At 1 January 2024
Additions
Disposals
Modifications
Depreciation

At 31 December 2024

Lease liability

At | January 2024
Additions
Disposals
Modifications
Payments

Interest

At 31 December 2024

Split as follows:

Current
Non-Current

At 31 December 2024

Buildings
£000
5,435

459
(2,673)
3,221

Buildings
£000
5,000
458
(2,963)
195

2,690

Furniture,
fittings and
equipment Motor vehicles Total
£000 £000 £000
13 4,338 9,786
- 1,515 1,515
- (350) (350)
- - 459
13) 1,873) (4,559)
: 3,630 6,851
Furniture,
fittings and
equipment Motor vehicles Total
£000 £000 £000
13 4,338 9,351
- 1,515 1,515
- (349) (349)
- - 458
(13) (2,034) (5,010)
: 161 356
- 3,631 6,321
Note £000
19 3,636
20 2,685
6,321

Expenses of £Nil (2023: £Nil) relating to short term leases, leases of low-value assets and variable lease
payments were recognised in the statement of profit and loss.

Page 52

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

16 Investments

Cost or valuation
At 1 January 2024
Additions

At 31 December 2024

Provision for impairment
At 1 January 2024
Additions

At 31 December 2024
Carrying amount

At 31 December 2024
At 31 December 2023

Page 53

Shares in
group
undertakings
£000

272,022

272,022

16,559

16,559

255,463
255,463

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

16 Investments (continued)

Details of the subsidiaries as at 31 December 2024 are as follows:

Proportion of

Registered office and ownership
country of interest and
Name of subsidiary Principal activity _ incorporation Holding voting rights held
2024 2023
Abbott Diabetes Care Contract Windrush Park, Range Ordinary 100% 100%
Limited manufacturer of Road, Witney, Oxon,
biosensor strips and OX29 0YL
licensee of England and Wales

technology, engaged
in the manufacture
and sale of
biosensing products

Murex Biotech Limited Intra group lending Abbott House Vanwall Ordinary 100% 100%
Business Park, Vanwall
Road, Maidenhead,
Berkshire, United
Kingdom, SL6 4XE
England and Wales

Abbott Laboratories Acting asa pension Abbott House Vanwall Ordinary 100% 100%
Trustee Company trustee Business Park, Vanwall

Road, Maidenhead,

Berkshire, SL6 4XE

England and Wales

Abbott Medical UK Marketing, Elder House Central Ordinary 100% 100%
Limited distribution and sale Boulevard, Blythe
of medical devices Valley Business Park,
in the UK Solihull, England, B90
8AJ

England and Wales

Abbott (UK) Finance Finance company to Abbott House Vanwall Ordinary 100% 100%
Limited other Abbott group —_ Business Park, Vanwall
companies Road, Maidenhead,
Berkshire, SL6 4XE
England and Wales

Lingo Technology UK Provision of Sovereign House, 1-2 Ordinary 100% 100%
Limited marketing support to Bingham Road,

other Abbott group _ Sittingbourne, Kent,

companies ME10 3SU, England

England and Wales

Page 54

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

17 Stocks

2024 2023
£000 £000

Finished goods and goods for resale
27,824 28,268

Finished goods and goods for resale are stated after having made provisions of £539,000 (2023: £1,028,000).

18 Trade and other debtors

2024 2023
Amounts falling due within one year £000 £000
Trade debtors 128,873 101,413
Amounts owed by group entities 144,841 51,201
Prepayments 5,624 4,264
Income tax asset 184,454 50,799
Foreign currency forward exchange contracts 5,004 -
Other debtors 14,578 11,831

483,374 219,508

2024 2023
Amounts falling due after more than one year £000 £000
Other debtors | es

Trade debtors are non-interest bearing, generally on 30 day terms and stated after having made provision for
expected credit losses of £2,796,000 (2023: £1,261,000).

Amounts owed by group entities include trading balances of £144,841,000 (2023: £51,201,000) and loan
balances of £Nil (2023: £Nil). Trading balances owed by group entities are interest free, unsecured and
repayable on demand. Loan balances owed by group entities are interest bearing, are unsecured and repayable
on demand.

Due to their short maturities, the fair value of trade debtors and amounts owed by group companies approximate
their book values.

Page 55

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

19 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

2024

Note £000

Trade creditors 31,463
Accrued expenses 50,731
Amounts due to group entities 380,801
Social security and other taxes 19,642
Current portion of lease liabilities 15 3,636
Deferred income 1,107
Foreign currency forward exchange contracts :
487,380

2023
£000

32,373
43,268
117,801
14,727
4,446
419
6,647

219,681

Trade creditors are non-interest bearing and it is the Company's policy to pay within the stated terms which

typically vary from 60 - 90 days from receipt of the invoice.

Amounts due to group entities include trading balances of £64,435,000 (2023: £39,563,000) and loan balances
of £316,366,000 (2023: £78,238,000). Trading balances due to group entities are interest free, unsecured and
repayable on demand. Loan balances owed to group entities are interest bearing, are unsecured and repayable on

demand.

Foreign currency forward exchange contracts are measured at fair value.

Due to their short maturities, the fair value of trade creditors and amounts owed to group companies

approximate their book values.

20 Creditors: amounts falling due after more than one year

2024

Note £000

Long term lease liabilities 1S 6,261
Deferred income 442
6,703

21 Commitments

Capital commitments

2023
£000

10,309
790

11,099

The total amount contracted for but not provided in the financial statements was £59,000 (2023: £7,000).

Page 56

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

22 Share capital
Allotted, called up and fully paid shares

2024 2023
No. £ No. £

Ordinary shares of £1 each 106,842,142 106,842,142 106,842,142 106,842,142

23 ‘Reserves

Share premium reserve
This reserve records the amount above the nominal value received for shares issued, less transaction costs. The
opening reserve recorded the amount above the nominal value received for shares issued, less transaction costs.

Other reserves

Other reserves includes the cash flow hedge reserve, which is used to record transactions arising from the
Company's cash flow hedging arrangements. In addition, it includes the capital contribution reserve which
records the share based payment transactions. The Company makes payments to the ultimate parent company in
relation to restricted stock units granted to its employees. The Company records a deemed capital contribution
where the value of such restricted stock units granted exceeds the payments made to the ultimate parent
company. In cases where the value of the payments made to the ultimate parent company exceeds the value of
such restricted stock units granted, these payments are recorded in the profit and loss account.

Profit and Loss Account
The profit and loss account holds the retained earnings of the Company, after the deduction of any dividends
paid.

24 Pension and other schemes

Defined contribution pension scheme

The Company operates a defined contribution pension scheme. The pension cost charge for the year represents
contributions payable by the Company to the scheme and amounted to £4,585,000 (2023: £3,943,000).

Defined benefit pension schemes
Abbott Laboratories Pension Fund

The Company participates in the Abbott Laboratories Pension Fund. This is a multi-employer defined benefit
scheme for companies in the Abbott Laboratories group of companies, the assets and liabilities of which are
held independently from the group.

Page 57

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

24 Pension and other schemes (continued)

The data provided for scheme assets and liabilities relates to the cntire pension fund and does not relate to the
share of each individual company that participates in the scheme. Furthermore, all costs and contributions
disclosed in this note relate to the entire pension fund unless otherwise stated. The date of the most recent
comprehensive actuarial valuation was 31 March 2022. The figures in this note are based on the latest full
actuarial valuation as updated to the balance sheet date by a qualified actuary. The total actuarial cost of the
defined benefit scheme represented income of £15,900,000 (2023: an income of £13,600,000). The total income
relating to defined benefit schemes for the year recognised in profit or loss was £17,300,000 (2023: an income
of £15,000,000). This represents the actuarial cost of the entire defined benefit scheme less those contributions
paid by other group companies participating in the scheme. The total cost relating to defined benefit schemes for
the year included in the cost of an asset was £Nil (2023: £Nil).

The recent ruling in the Virgin Media Ltd v NTL Pension Trustees II Ltd case has introduced significant
uncertainty regarding the validity of past amendments to defined benefit (DB) pension schemes. The High
Court's decision in June 2023, upheld by the Court of Appeal in July 2024, emphasizes the requirement under
section 37 of the Pension Schemes Act 1993 for actuarial certification of amendments affecting section 9 (2B)
rights for schemes that were contracted out of the additional state pension.

As a result of this ruling, there is a potential risk that past amendments to the Abbott Laboratories Pension Fund,
a contracted out scheme, made without the necessary actuarial certification, may be deemed invalid. This
uncertainty could affect the measurement of pension liabilities and the recognition of pension obligations in the
financial statements. In June 2025 the Department for Work and Pensions announced its intention to introduce
legislation to give affected schemes the ability to retrospectively obtain written actuarial confirmation that
historic benefit changes met the necessary standards.

At present, the Trustee of the Abbott Laboratories Pension Fund has not conducted a detailed assessment of the
issues underlying the case as they apply to the Fund other than to identify through an initial non-exhaustive
review that not all applicable amendments are supported by s37 certificates. Therefore it is not currently clear
whether a remeasurement of the defined benefit obligation is required and, if in future it becomes necessary,
how the liability will change as a result. The Trustee will engage the appropriate actuarial and legal advisors in
due course. The Directors continue to monitor the situation.

Risks
The most significant risks to which the plan exposes the Company are:

Interest risk
A decrease in corporate bond yields would result in an increase to plan liabilities although this effect would be
partially offset by an increase in the value of the plan's bond holdings.

Inflation risk
A rise in inflation rates will lead to higher plan liabilities as a large proportion of the defined benefit obligation
is indexed in line with price inflation. This effect will be limited due to caps on inflationary increases to protect
the plan against extreme inflation.

Life expectancy risk
An increase in life expectancy would result in an increase to plan liabilities as a significant proportion of the
Pension Scheme's obligations are to provide benefit for the life of the member.

Page 58

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

24 Pension and other schemes (continued)

Reconciliation of scheme assets and liabilities to assets and liabilities recognised

The amounts recognised in the balance sheet are as follows:

Fair value of scheme assets
Present value of scheme liabilities

Defined benefit pension scheme surplus

Scheme assets
Changes in the fair value of scheme assets are as follows:

Fair value at start of year
Interest income

Actuarial (loss) / gain on scheme assets, excluding amounts included in
interest income / (expense)

Employer contributions
Contributions by scheme participants
Benefits paid

Administrative expenses paid

Fair value at end of year

Analysis of assets
The major categories of scheme assets are as follows:

Cash and cash equivalents
Equity instruments

Debt instruments

Real estate

Actuarial gain on scheme's assets

Actuarial gain on scheme's assets

2024 2023
£000 £000
1,132,200 1,070,200
(457,900) (532,100)
674,300 538,100
2024 2023
£000 £000
1,070,200 974,900
48,400 46,000
28,400 64,600
2,300 2,300
100 100
(16,100) (16,000)
(1,100) (1,700)
1,132,200 1,070,200
2024 2023
£000 £000
5,100 2,800
606,400 536,600
510,100 497,800
10,600 33,000
1,132,200 1,070,200
2024 2023
£000 £000
76,800

The pension scheme has not invested in any of the Company's own financial instruments or in properties or

other assets used by the Company.

Page 59

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

24 Pension and other schemes (continued)

Defined benefit obligation
Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation are as follows:

2024 2023

£000 £000
Present value at start of year 532,100 473,200
Current service cost 7,500 7,200
Past service cost - 1,300
Actuarial gains arising from changes in demographic assumptions (4,400) (8,100)
Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in financial assumptions (85,100) 23,700
Interest cost 23,900 22,200
Benefits paid (16,100) (16,000)
Contributions by scheme participants 100 100
Actuarial (gains)/losses on scheme liabilities arising from experience (100) 28,500
Present value at end of year 457,900 $32,100

Principal actuarial assumptions

The significant actuarial assumptions used to determine the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the
balance sheet date are as follows:

2024 2023

% %
Discount rate 5.55 4.55
Future salary increases 4.25 4.25
Future pension increases 3.00 3.00
RPI Inflation 3.00 3.00
CPI Inflation 2.40 2.30

Post retirement mortality assumptions

2023

Years
Current UK pensioners at retirement age - male 22.30
Current UK pensioners at retirement age - female 24.20
Future UK pensioners at retirement age - male 23.40
Future UK pensioners at retirement age - female 25.70

Page 60

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

24 Pension and other schemes (continued)

Sensitivity disclosures

The measurement of the defined obligation is sensitive to changes in the discount rate and inflation assumptions
applied. The tables presented below indicate the level of sensitivity for a given increase and decrease in those
assumption:

Following a 0.5% p.a. decrease in the discount rate...

Change New value

£000 £000

Assets of the scheme at 31 December 2024 - 1,132,200

Defined benefit obligation at 31 December 2024 (40,200) (498,100)

Surplus/ (deficit) at 31 December 2024 (40,200) 634,100

Following a 0.5% p.a. increase in the discount rate...

Change —_— New value

£000 £000

Assets of the scheme at 31 December 2024 - 1,132,200

Defined benefit obligation at 31 December 2024 36,500 (421,400)

Surplus/ (deficit) at 31 December 2024 36,500 710,800
Following a 0.5% p.a. decrease in the inflation assumption...

Change New value

£000 £000

Assets of the scheme at 31 December 2024 - 1,132,200

Defined benefit obligation at 31 December 2024 28,800 (429,100)

Surplus/ (deficit) at 31 December 2024 28,800 703,100
Following a 0.5% p.a. increase in the inflation assumption...

Change New value

£000 £000

Assets of the scheme at 31 December 2024 . - 1,132,200

Defined benefit obligation at 31 December 2024 (29,900) (487,800)

Surplus/ (deficit) at 31 December 2024 (29,900) 644,400

Page 61

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

25  Share-based payments
Restricted Stock Units

Scheme details and movements

The Company's ultimate parent company maintains an equity-settled share-based payment arrangement under
which certain employees of the ultimate parent company's subsidiaries are awarded grants of restricted stock
units. Restricted stock units vest over three years beginning one year from the date of grant. Restricted stock

units are forfeited if the employee leaves the Company before the awards vest.

The movements in the number of restricted stock units during the year were as follows:

2024

Number

Outstanding, start of period 76,918
Granted during the period 52,244
Forfeited during the period (1,949)
Exercised during the period (37,220)
Transferred during the period (6,260)
Outstanding, end of period 83,733

2023
Number

77,312
43,079
(2,824)

(33,979)
(6,670)

76,918

The movements in the weighted average exercise price of restricted stock units during the year were as follows:

2024

$

Outstanding, start of period 109.97
Granted during the period 117.82
Forfeited during the period 113.52
Exercised during the period 112.44
Transferred during the period 113.13
Outstanding, end of period 113.52

Charge/credit arising from share-based payments

The total charge for the year for share-based payments was £4,220,000 (2023: £3,675,000).
Employee share scheme

Scheme details and movements

2023
$
111.59
104.65
104.47
106.81

111.20
109.97

The Company operates a Share Incentive Plan.for all employees. Employees purchase shares in the ultimate
parent company at market value by means of a deduction from gross salary. The Company matches the
employee purchase at a ratio of 1:1 subject to a limit of 1.75% of pensionable salary or £125 per month.

Charge/(credit) arising from share-based payments

The total charge/(credit) for the year for share-based payments was £402,000 (2023: £416,000).

Page 62

Abbott Laboratories Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

26 Contingent liabilities

HMRC holds a guarantee against the Company's cash at bank amounting to £5,000,000. The purpose of this
guarantee is to allow for import duty and VAT to be paid on a timely basis to ensure smooth flows of stocks into
the United Kingdom where import duty and VAT payments are required.

The Company responds to HMRC enquiries in the normal course of business. Such enquiries can take a
considerable period of time to reach conclusion and the ultimate outcome contains an element of uncertainty. As
described in note 12, a number of Abbott group companies in the UK, including the Company, are participants
in an HMRC profit diversion compliance facility (PDCF) process. In the view of the Directors, no provision, in
addition to that already recorded, is necessary in respect of the PDCF process. Whilst the outcome of the PDCF
process cannot be predicted with certainty, and it is therefore possible that an additional liability might arise, it
is not possible in the view of the Directors to estimate that additional liability.

27 Related party transactions

The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Abbott Laboratories. Accordingly, the Company has taken
advantage under FRS 101 paragraph 8 (k) not to disclose related party transactions with wholly owned group
companies. There were no other related party transactions during the year.

28 Parent and ultimate parent undertaking
The company's immediate parent is Abbott (UK) Holdings Limited incorporated in England and Wales.
The ultimate parent is Abbott Laboratories incorporated in Illinois, USA. These financial statements are

available upon request from Abbott Laboratories, 100 Abbott Park Road, Abbott Park, Illinois 60064-6400,
USA.

Relationship between entity and parents
The parent of the largest group in which these financial statements are consolidated is Abbott Laboratories.

The address of Abbott Laboratories is:
Abbott Laboratories, 100 Abbott Park Road, Abbott Park, Illinois 60064-6400, USA

The parent of the smallest group in which these financial statements are consolidated is Abbott Rapid
Diagnostics Holdings Limited incorporated in Malta.

The address of Abbott Rapid Diagnostics Holdings Limited incorporated in Malta is:
Office 32, Verdala Business Centre, Level 2, LM Complex, Brewery Street, Zone 3, Central business disctrict,
Birkirkara CBD 3040, Malta.

29 Post balance sheet events

There were no significant events between the Balance Sheet date and the date of signing of the financial
statements, affecting the Company, which require disclosure.

Page 63
