AbbVie Ltd

Registration Number: 8004972
Annual Report and Financial Statements
for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

SATURDAY

maui

20/09/2025 #269
COMPANIES HOUSE

Company Information

Directors ST Rents
AE Butler
D Ghavami
SM Hopkinson

Company secretary NF Maher

Registered office AbbVie House
Vanwall Business Park
Vanwall Road
Maidenhead
Berkshire
SL6 4UB

Bankers Deutsche Bank AG London
6 Bishopsgate
London
EC2N 4DA

‘Auditors Emst & Young LLP
Re
2 Blagrave Street
Reading
Berkshire
RGI1AZ

Contents

Strategic Report

Directors' Report

Statement of Directors' Responsibilities
Independent Auditor's Report

Profit and Loss Account

Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes to the Financial Statements

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

1t06
To 11
12

13 to 1S

19 to 42

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

‘Strategic Report

The directors present their Strategic Report for the year ended 31 December 2024.
Business review

Fair review of the business

The principal activities of AbbVie Ltd (hereafter ‘referred to as “the Company”) continued to be the supply of research based
pharmaceutical products. The key financial indicators during the year were as follows:

2024 2023

£000 £000 Change %
Tumover .. 382 543 285 708 34%
Operating profit 33 595 25 592 31%
Profit after tax 28 392 18 671 52%
Net assets 704225. 679694 4%

Tumover of £383 million represents an increase of 34% on prior year. This was driven by strong sales performance in the Immunology
portfolio and successful launches in Neuroscience and Oncology.

Consideration of key business activity by business unit is given below:

Immunology
MHRA (UK Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency):

© — August 2024: SKYRIZI@V (Risankizumab), an interleukin-23 (IL-23) for the treatment of ulcerative colitis (UC) was approved by
the UK Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) on August 21, 2024.

© November 2024: SKYRIZI®V (Risankizumab), an interleukin-23 (IL-23) for the treatment of Crohn's Disease (CD) was approved by
the UK Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) on November 21, 2024.

NICE (National Institute for Health and Care Excellence) for England:

© August 2024: SKYRIZI@¥ (Risankizumab), an interleukin-23 (IL-23) for the treatment of ulcerative colitis (UC) was recommended
for NHS reimbursement by NICE on August 22, 2024.

Oncology

NICE (National Institute for Health and Care Excellence) for England:

* . March 2024: Tepkinly®¥ (epcoritamab) recommended as monotherapy for the treatment of adults with relapsed or refractory (R/R)
‘diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) who have failed two or more lines of therapy.

SMC (Scottish Medicines Consortium):
© June 2024: Tepkinly®¥ (epcoritamab) approved for use as a monotherapy for the treatment of adults with R/R DLBCL who have
failed two or more lines of therapy.

November 2024: European approval for Elahere ®¥ (mirvetuximab soravtansine) treating folate receptor-alpha (FRa) platinum-resistant
ovarian cancer. NICE evaluation ongoing in 2025.

Page 1

AbbVie Ltd
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Strategic Report (continued)

Neuroscience
NICE (National Institute for Health and Care Excellence) for England:

© May 2024: AQUIPTA® V (atogepant) recommended for the prophylaxis of migraine in adults who have at least four migraine days
per month.

SMC (Scottish Medicines Consortium):

©’ March 2024: Recommendation for PRODUODOPA® V (foslevodopa-foscarbidopa) for treatment of advanced levodopa-responsive
Parkinson's disease in Scotland, restricted to patients who don't qualify for deep brain stimulation (DBS).

August 2024: acquisition of Cerevel Therapeutics completed. The purchase includes a pipeline of clinical-stage and pre-clinical assets in
diseases including schizophrenia, Parkinson’s disease, and mood disorders.

Aesthetics and Eyecare

No new approvals for products or new indications.

Future developments

The Company is a subsidiary of the AbbVie Inc. Group (hereafter referred to as “the Group”), which continues to invest in key therapeutic
areas including immunology, oncology, virology and neuroscience as it strives to bring innovative new treatments to patients and improve
‘outcomes.

Competitive risks

The markets for the Company’s products are highly competitive. The Company competes with other research-based pharmaceuticals and
biotechnology companies that market and sell proprietary pharmaceutical products and biologics. For example, products in AbbVie’s
immunology portfolio compete across a wide range of classes of medicines against strong competing products aimed at treating a wide
range of immunological conditions.

Botox® is AbbVie’s largest Aesthetics brand, a botulinum toxin type A product with four licensed indications for aesthetic use in the UK.
The Company’s second largest aesthetic brand is Juvéderm®, a broad range of dermal fillers. It operates in a highly competitive market that
has seen some decline in recent years

The search for technological innovations in pharmaceutical products is a significant aspect of competition. The introduction of new
products by competitors and changes in medical practices and procedures is inherent in the pharmaceutical operating environment.

Price is also a competitive factor. In addition, the substitution of generic and biosimilar pharmaceutical products -for originator
pharmaceutical products creates competitive pressures on the Company’s products that no longer enjoy patent protection. New products or
treatments brought to market by the Company’s competitors could cause revenues for the Company’s products to decrease due to price
reductions and sales volume decreases.

Page 2

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Strategic Report (continued)

Competitive risks (continued)

For 2024; the Company was a member of the Voluritary Scheme for branded medicines Pricing, Access, and Growth (known as VPAG).
The scheme is a voluntary agreement between the Department of Health and Social Care (DHSC), NHS England and the Association of the
British Pharmaceutical Industry (ABP). .

The main aims of VPAG are to:

© promote better patient outcomes and a healthier population
‘* support UK economic growth .
© contribute to a financially sustainable NHS

During 2024 payments were made for newer products at the headline rate of 15.1% (newer products are defined as when the supplementary
protection certificate (SPC) is yet to expire or first licensed presentation for the active ingredient is less than 12 years from marketing
authorisation). Payments for older products were made at a blended rate ranging from 10-35%.

These payment rates are applied to net sales and are in addition to other price and growth controls including tendering and NICE Health
Technology Assessments (HTAs), which have their own impact on the Company's revenues.

Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss for that other party by failing to discharge an
obligation. The Company's policies are aimed at minimising such losses and require that deferred terms are only granted to customers who
demonstrate an appropriate payment history and satisfy credit worthiness procedures. The Company's credit risk is primarily attributable to
its trade debtors. The amounts presented in the balance sheet are net of allowances for doubtful debt. At 31- December 2024, <1% of third
party debtors breached their credit limits on a value basis. .

Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that an entity will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities. The Company
minimises liquidity risk by managing cash generation through its operations and applying cash target collections.

Cash flow risk

Cash flow risk is the risk of exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or
liability. The Company manages this risk, where significant, through use of derivatives, which aré managed at group level.

Financing risk

The Company is financed by share capital and consequently does not have any financing risk.

Financial instrument risk

The Company is part of the AbbVie Inc. Group which manages foreign exchange risk and exposure on behalf of the Company. The Group
uses forward foreign currency contracts to reduce exposure to the variability of foreign exchange rates by fixing the rate of any material
payments in a foreign currency.

Page 3

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Strategic Report (continued)

Statement by the directors in performance of their statutory duties in accordance with s172 of the Companies Act 2006
The directors of AbbVie Ltd consider in good faith that they have acted in a way that would be most likely to promote the success of the
Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in doing so have had regard (amongst other matters) to factors set out in s172(1)
(a) to (f) of the Companies Act 2006 (hereafter $172) in respect of the decisions taken during the fiscal year.

Matters for regard are:

(a) _ the likely consequences of any decision in the long term,

(b) the interests of the Company's employees,

(c) the need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others,

(@) the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment,

(e) the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct, and

(Othe need to act fairly between members of the Company.

Board Meetings are held at regular intervals throughout the year. At the beginning of each Board Meeting the directors are reminded of

their duties under $172. When a new director joins the Board, they are briefed on their duties by the Company’s outside legal counsel, this
professional advice is accessible throughout the year.

The below statement gives an overview as to how the directors have discharged their duties in respect of s172. The statement has been
prepared to the necessary level of detail in light of the deemed complexities of the business and its relationship with, and governance from
the wider AbbVie Group.

Business strategy and long term decision making

The Therapeutics and Aesthetics divisions of the Company are run as two discrete business units, with separate leadership teams, and with
an overarching Entity Leadership Forum.

The cross-functional Leadership Team for each of the two business units is led by a UK General Manager who also sits on the Company
Board of Directors. For both business units, the UK Leadership Teams are central in deciding critical business decisions on all aspects of
Company operations and have been delegated day today decision making by the directors, subject to defined limits. The Company has
several strategic priorities aligned to wider Group priorities. These are actively monitored throughout the year. Operational success is
‘managed and reported via the annual planning processes and the 10-year long-range plan processes approved at Group level.

The UK Leadership Teams are also responsible for ensuring a robust control environment is in operation to ensure compliance to wider
Group policies.

Dividend policy is govemed by Group Treasury. Dividend proposals are reviewed and approved by the Company directors.

Employee engageiment and culture

The employee experience at AbbVie and the culture that has been built, is critically important and central to the business strategy.
Underpinning our organisation are The Ways We Work values which embody our working culture. They area core set of behaviours for all
employees, which make clear that how we achieve results is equally as important as achieving them. Our employees are measured against
these behaviours and are rewarded for exceptional demonstration of them.”

‘Annual February All UK Conferences are traditionally held to act as a Company wide teambuilding event acting as an opportunity to align
employees on Group and local Company strategy. There are separate conferences for the Therapeutics and Aesthetics business units.

Page 4

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Strategic Report (continued)

The General Managers of both business units conduct regular Town Halls to provide a platform to update employees on business
performance, wider industry or national matters and other relevant topics. Regular culture surveys act as key temperature checks for the
Company. Employee engagement is sought continually via the Joint Consultative Forum, facilitating a mechanism to resolve employee
concems.

The Company continues to be placed in the UK Great Place to Work and UK Best Workplaces for Women rankings, the latter award
recognising organisations that provide the best employee experience for all and fostering development among female employees. In 2024,
the Company has been recognised as a Great Place to Work for Wellbeing, being ranked 18th within the Super Large category (over 1,000
employees), ranked 14th as a UK Best Workplace for women and 10th for Wellbeing.

Equality, diversity and inclusion

Embracing equality, diversity and inclusion is fundamental. AbbVie Group is proud to offer an environment that allows our colleagues to
achieve their full potential. At AbbVie, Equality, Diversity & Inclusion means:

‘© Equality is appreciating differences and treating people with dignity and respect. It is the fair treatment of people regardless of their
visible or less visible characteristics such as gender, race, physical or mental disability, religion, nationality, sexual orientation or age.

« . Diversity is valuing and sharing an infinite range of ideas, viewpoints and backgrounds to broaden our perspectives. The Company
seeks to build diverse teams at every level of the organisation.

* Inclusion is actively accepting each person as an important part of our organisation, and encouraging collaboration between
individuals and teams with different points of view. Inclusion enables a sense of belonging and it is how we create the most value
from a diverse team.

In the UK, the Company has a number of active Employee Resource Groups (ERGs). These groups are initiated and led by employees, to
enable people with a particular interest to come together to discuss and inform decision making. Relevant groups include Abbvie Pride,
‘Women Leaders in AbbVie, the Neurodiversity Circle and Young Minds.

Business relationships

Delivering our strategy requires strong mutually beneficial relationships with suppliers and customers.

‘The Company operates in a manner that promotes fair and positive supplier relationships, Operating through their Purchasing and Supplier
Management division, it upholds rigorous policies which govern interactions with suppliers, to ensure Enhanced Due Diligence screening
is performed on key categories of new vendors to ensure integrity and ethical compliance in our supply chain.

We work in partnership with the UK government, the NHS, healthcare professionals, patient organisations and other stakeholders to create
sustainable healthcare solutions that will improve outcomes for people living with illness not only now, but in years to come. We want to
have more profound connections with our partners ‘than a simple, transactional client-customer relationship. We want to build an excellent
reputation as.an ethical, responsible company and to be seen as a trusted partner. This will be good for our culture, our business and our
patients.

The General Manager of the UK Therapeutics business unit sits on the Board of the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry
(ABPI) helping to form the strategy and direction for the industry.

Page S

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Strategic Report (continued)

The community and environment

AbbVie Group is committed to having a remarkable impact by going beyond medicine. The Company’s UK Grants and Donations
Committee oversee a process for Healthcare Organisations or Charitable Institutions to apply for funding to support the delivery of their
work that delivers education or health-based projects, subject to transparently available criteria.

Volunteering at Heart is an AbbVie ERG that serves to stimulate, coordinate and inspire employee volunteering and giving to ‘various
charitable causes. The ‘Week of Possibilities’ is AbbVie's signature volunteering programme during which over the course of a week,
employee volunteers work with trusted community partners to complete hands on projects aimed at strengthening local communities.

The Company provides up to 2 days each year to take part in volunteer activities that align with the Company's commitments of building
strong communities, sustainable healthcare and effective educational programs.

We strive to find safer, smarter, more sustainable ways to run our business. We seek innovative ways to improve the health of patients,
operate responsibly, be stewards of the environment, and actively engage the communities where we work and live. We recognise the
environmental risks associated with our operations both locally and globally and put in place programs to address such risks. We focus on
key areas of environmental stewardship - energy, water, waste, pharmaceuticals in the environment and environmentally responsible
procurement,

Our reputation and Business Conduct
‘The Company provides life saving medicines and therapies to patients and so operates in a highly regulated environment.

The Code of Business Conduct, issued by AbbVie Group, sets forth core guidelines and requirements for ethical behaviour. Employees
read and certify adherence to the Code annually.

In addition to the Code, the Company has policies and procedures that guide employees as they conduct their day-to-day activities. They
consider industry best practices, including provisions of the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations
(IFPMA) Code of Pharmaceutical Marketing Practices and the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry (ABPI) Code of Practice
for the Pharmaceutical Industry, as well as other applicable industry codes. We regularly update our policies to incorporate changes to the
law and industry codes, including rules regarding gifts, meals and education we provide to health care professionals.

‘The Company also complies with legal, industry and relevant institutions’ requirements regarding the interaction of our employees with
healthcare professionals and organisations. We comply with all rules regarding transparency about our relationships with individuals and
entities involved in providing health care. As required, we track and report payments and transfers of value provided to health care
professionals and organisations.

Fairness between Shareholders

We, as directors, are committed to acting equitably and fairly across all shareholders, internal and extemal. Operating as one AbbVie team,
we care deeply for our patients, their families, our employees, and our communities. We strive to always do the right thing, pursuing the
highest standards in quality, compliance, safety, and performance. In everything we do, we invest and innovate relentlessly to tackle unmet
needs, creating new medicines and healthcare approaches for a healthier world.

Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf on 15 September 2025 by:
‘ocronaty ened ty, stove heptinson

Baie te Sop 0s 1:19.00 Guo 15-Sep-2025

‘SM Hopkinson
Director

Page 6

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Directors’ Report

The directors present their report and the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.
Dividend
The directors do not recommend the payment of dividend (2023: £ nil).

Directors of the company

The directors who held office during the year were as follows:
AE Butler

TD Manning (resigned 31 July 2024)

D Ghavami

ST Reents

SM Hopkinson (appointed 1 August 2024)

Research and development

Research and innovation are the comerstones of the Group's business as a global biopharmaceutical company. The Group's long-term
success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or
collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biopharmaceutical companies.

Directors’ liabilities

‘The Company has made qualifying third party indemnity provisions for the benefit of its directors throughout the period which remain in
force at the date of this report.

Going concern

The Company's business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its future development, its financial position, financial risk
management objectives, details of its financial instruments and derivative activities, and its exposure to price, credit and liquidity and cash
flow risk are described in the Strategic Report on pages | to 6. The Company has considerable financial resources and long-term contracts
with many customers. Asa consequence, the directors believe that the Company is well placed to manage its business successfully despite
the current uncertain economic outlook.

As the Company is part of the AbbVie Inc. group cash pool, the directors have received written confirmation from AbbVie Inc. (the
"Group") that they will make funds available to the Company if required to enable it to meet its liabilities as they fall due for a period of 12
months from the approval of the financial statements.

In assessing whether the going concer basis is appropriate the Directors have considered all information available about the future for a
period of 12 months from the approval of the financial statements (the "going concem period"). The Directors have considered the financial
position of the Group through to the end of the going concem period. After considering the financial and operational ability of the Group to
continue as a going concern the Directors expect the Company will have access to adequate resources to continue in operational existence
for the foreseeable future and for a period of 12 months from the approval of the financial statements.

Page 7

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Directors' Report (continued)

Employment of disabled persons

Application for employment by disabled persons is always fully considered, bearing in mind the aptitudes of the applicant concerned. In the
event of a member of staff becoming disabled, every effort is made to ensure that their employment with the Company continues and that
appropriate training is arranged. Company policy and practice ensures that there is no discrimination against disabled-people regarding
training, career development and promotion opportunities.

Employee involvement

The Company places considerable value on the involvement of its employees and keeps them informed on matters affecting them as an
employee and the numerous factors affecting the performance of the Company. This is achieved by formal and informal meetings and
company communications. Employee representatives are consulted regularly on a wide range of matters affecting their current and future
interests. Employees participate directly in the success of the business through incentive schemes and can invest in the Company through
participation in the share purchase and RSU schemes.

Events after the financial period

After the balance sheet date, there were-no events that would have a material financial effect on the statutory accounts.

Disclosure of information to the auditors

So far, as each person who was a director at the date of approving this report is aware, there is no relevant audit information needed by the
auditor in connection with preparing this report. Having made enquiries from fellow directors, each director. has taken all the steps that
he/she is obliged to take as a director, to make himself/herself aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the auditor is
aware of it.

Reappointment of auditors

Under section 487(2) of the Companies Act 2006, Emst & Young LLP are deemed to be reappointed as auditors of the Company.

Page 8

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Directors' Report (continued)

Streamlined Energy and Carbon Disclosure (SECR)

Company Information

AbbVie Ltd is a private company incorporated in the UK. The registered address is AbbVie House Vanwall Business Park, Vanwall Road,
Maidenhead, Berkshire, England, SL6 4UB.

Reporting Period

1 January to 31 December 2024.

Energy Usage and Emissions across the reporting period

The UK energy usage and associated emissions for AbbVie Ltd across the reporting period for electricity, gas and transport is illustrated in
the below table: .

2024 disclosure
Total (excluding
market based
Electricity Electricity emissions from
(location based) (market based) Gas Transport electricity)
Energy consumed - in kWh 1309 392 1299 917 735 252 2.310 742 4355 386
Emissions - in CO,, kg 271 110 7408 134.478 642 430 1048 018
Emissions - in CO,, tonnes an 7 134 642 1047
Total emissions per FTE - in
CO,, (tonnes) per employee - - - - 0,93
2023 disclosure
Total (excluding
market based
Electricity Electricity emissions from
(location based) —_ (market based) Gas Transport electricity)
Energy consumed - in kWh 1292 583 1292 583 604 290 3.057 575 4954 448
Emissions - in CO, kg 267 661 8 255 110542 814 183, 1192 386
Emissions - in CO}, tonnes 268 . 8 M1 814 1193
Total emissions per FTE - in .
CO,, (tonnes) per employee - - - - 1,13
Methodology Used

All calculations have been performed using actual data across the reporting period. Data for electricity and gas usage has come from utility
invoices (In terms of the gas for the Marlow site, this has been calculated based on the 65.08% of floor space leased vs total consumption.
Transport energy usage relates to travel done in both company-owned and employee-owned vehicles (for which company travel was
performed). All conversion factors used are derived from figures published by the Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy
(BEIS) relating to energy usage in 2024: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/greenhouse-gas-reporting-conversion-factors-2024

The conversion factor for electricity (location based) is calculated using the location-based grid-average figures; electricity (market based)
is based on a 100% REGO (Renewable Energy Guarantees ‘of Origin) backed renewable energy tariff at our offices (Maidenhead and
Marlow) and part-renewable sources at the Sittingbourne office. The associated market-based electricity emissions afe therefore zero at
head offices (Maidenhead and Marlow) and 7.41 CO2e tonnes at the Sittingbourne office. The electric vehicle electricity consumed is
calculated as location-based due to the different charge points used and the source of electricity.

Page 9

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Directors' Report (continued)

‘The conversion factor for associated emissions of natural gas consumption is the NCV (Net Calorific Value) figure, as provided by the
document published by BEIS. For travel, where available, fuel consumption data has been used to calculate energy consumed and
associated emissions. Where-specific fuels are listed in the data, associated conversion factors for the specific fuels have been used. It has
been assumed that the fuel related to an average size unknown vehicle type. Where fuel consumption data was not available, energy usage
and associated emissions have been calculated using mileage data for average sized cars and ‘unknown’ fuel type. An operational control
approach has been used when calculating energy consumed.

Energy Efficiency Action

AbbVie UK and Global remain dedicated to reducing energy consumption across all business areas.
Below is a summary of the energy efficiencies achieved in 2024;

(1) Fleet Initiatives

The company’s fleet is one of the biggest contributors of CO2. There is an imperative to continue transitioning our fleet vehicles over
to EV’s (¢lectric vehicles). To assist in this transition, the Company has increased its subsidising for home chargers for all fleet
employees. In addition to this we continue to push the green fleet initiative. The aim of this initiative is to make electric vehicle
affordable for all our drivers. The fleet split for 2024 was as follows- 50% BEV, 1% Diesel, 2% Petrol, 47% hybrid vehicles — this is a
total of 97% electric mix (5% improvement vs 2023).

As a result of this improvement and other initiatives, fleet emissions (as measured in average CO2 g/KM) fell by almost 30% between
January and December 2024.

(2) Marlow site initiatives

Continue to reduce plant run times depending on weather conditions.
Free cooling of the building when conditions are suitable.

ESOS* Audit conducted.

ESOS Audit plan created post ESOS Audit — to be actioned throughout 2025.

@G) Maidenhead site initiatives

Replaced powerhouse tube lighting with low energy LED lighting.
Replaced fire exit stairways with low energy LED lighting ESOS Audit action plan created post ESOS Audit
ESOS Audit conducted.

ESOS Audit plan created post ESOS Audit - to be actioned throughout 2025.

(4) Induction - Environmental awareness.

Employee engagement is crucial in driving energy savings across the business. During 2023 energy savings & environmental
information formed a big part of new joiner induction, with emphasis on what employees could do to help reduce their impact in
addition to AbbVie’s responsibilities. Part of this was an invitation to join the Go.Green group whose aim is to support the business
on sustainability initiatives.

(5) “Global Campaigns

The environment and sustainability continue to be a business priority for Abbvie as a whole. Throughout 2024 several green initiative
and programmes were cascaded down to each Affiliate, giving employees the opportunity to play their part, and serving to raise
awareness of AbbVie’s impact and what employees can do to help reduce CO2, both in the workplace and at home. AbbVie global
have also committed to SBTI (science-based targets initiative). :

Page 10

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Directors' Report (continuéd)

©

Driver training

Erratic driving can lead to higher CO2 emissions. During 2024 all fleet drivers were invited to take part in Behind the Wheel driver
training, with the purpose of improving driver safety and reducing emissions (Eco driving courses), giving drivers a better
understanding of how their driving is impacting the environment and what can be done to help reduce their environmental impact.

Green Group initiatives

Increasing energy efficiencies remains a priority at AbbVie. The Company has an Employee Resource Group, Go Green, to give a
wider group of people the opportunity to engage and be involved in efforts to achieve further progress towards successfully achieving
AbbVie environmental sustainability targets. There are 3 workstreams.

Workstream | - Fleet footprint (Green Fleet). The use of greener charging stations, introducing salary sacrifice for all employees.
Workstream 2 - Office footprint - Review kitchen practices and equipment to reduce energy consumption.
Workstream 3 - Conferences & Comms .

Marlow plans 2025

+ Removing all ICE vehicles** from the fleet policy.
* Replace ceiling insulation in area of the building that do not have insulation.

[aiden 25,

Removing all ICE vehicles from the fleet policy.

Allow free cooling via the HVAC system.

Replacement of all the monitors throughout the Maidenhead site (600 units).

Replacement of Billy taps dishwashers and fridges throughout Maidenhead office. Old units will be replaced with more energy
efficient units.

* BMS installation - to reduce power usage to reduce energy consumption (heating and cooling), whilst allowing us to automate
vacant building efficiencies and improve dead band inefficiencies.

*ESOS - Energy Savings Opportunity Scheme
**]CE - Internal combustion engines

Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf on 15 September 2025 by:

ane REveeR Taga... 15-Sep-2025
‘SM Hopkinson
Directar

Page II

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

The directors are responsible for preparing the Directors’ Report, the Strategic Report and the Financial Statements in accordance with
applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the directors have elected to
prepare the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards (United Kingdom
Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including Financial Reporting Standard 102 ‘The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in
the UK and Republic of Ireland’. Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that
they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing
these financial statements, the directors are required to:

‘* select suitable accounting policies and apply them consistently;

+ make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

state whether applicable UK Accounting Standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in
the financial statements; and

‘. prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Company will continue in
business.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions

and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial

statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for

taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

Page 12

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of AbbVie Ltd

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of AbbVie Ltd for the year ended 31 December 2024, which comprise Profit and Loss Account,
the Statement of Financial Position, the Statement of Changes in Equity and the related notes 1 to 22, including a summary of significant
accounting policies. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom
Accounting Standards including FRS 102 “The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland” (United
Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

In our opinion, the financial statements:

‘give a true and fair view of the company’s affairs as at 31 December 2024 and of its profit for the year then ended;
have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice; and

‘* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s resporisibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report.
We are independent of the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in
the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our-opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of
the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that, individually
or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a going concer for a period of 12 months from when the
financial statements are authorised for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections of this
report. However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this statement is not a guarantee as to the company’s ability
to continue as a going concern.

Other information
The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information contained within the annual report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this
report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify
such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise to a material
misstatement. in the financial statements themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of the other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Page 13

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of AbbVie Ltd (continued)

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006

In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

© the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year for which the financial statements are
prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

«the strategic report and directors’ report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of the audit, we have not
identified material misstatements in the strategic report or directors’ report.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to you if, in

our opinion:

© ‘adequate accounting records have not been kept or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by
‘us, OF

the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

Responsibilities of directors

As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement set out on page 12, the directors are responsible for the preparation of
the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concem basis of accounting unless the directors either intend
to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic altemative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs‘(UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

Explanation as to what extent the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud
Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws’ and regulations. We design procedures in line with our
responsibilities, outlined above, to detect irregularities, including fraud. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is
higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or
intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion. The extent to which our procedures are-capable of detecting irregularities, including
fraud is detailed below. However, the primary responsibility for the prevention and detection of fraud rests with both those charged with
governance of the entity and management.

Page 14

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of AbbVie Ltd (continued)

We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that are applicable to the company and determined that the most
significant are the Companies Act 2006 and United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice.

We understood how AbbVie Ltd is complying with those frameworks by making enquiries of senior finance personnel and those
charged with governance and gaining an understanding of entity level controls of the company in respect of these areas and the controls
in place to reduce opportunity for fraudulent transactions.

We assessed the susceptibility. of the company’s financial statements to material misstatement, including how fraud might occur by
considering the risk of management override and through assessing revenue as a fraud risk, specifically with regard to manipulating
rebates to influence revenue results, our procedures to address this risk involved:

- Understanding the revenue recognition and rebate processes and policies and how they are applied, including relevant controls.

Testing rebate accruals on a sample basis, confirming the calculation to rebate agreements and revenue data and also confirming
rebates to subsequent settlement post year end.
Using data analytics to analyse rebate postings and corroborating any unusual movements to supporting documentation.

Focussing on manual journal entries posted to revenue, gaining an understanding of the transactions and agreeing to source

documentation, ensuring appropriate authorisation of the transactions.

Challenging the judgements made by management regarding rebates through corroborating the basis for those judgements and

considering contradicting evidence.

Regarding the presumed risk of management override of controls, we used data analytics to sample from the entire population of

journal entries, identifying specific transactions which did not meet our expectations based on specific risk criteria, which we

investigated further to gain an understanding of the transaction and agree to source documentation ensuring appropriate

authorisation of the transaction. We also reviewed accounting estimates for evidence of bias and evaluated the business rationale for

any significant transactions that are outside the normal course of business.

* Based on this understanding we designed our audit procedures to identify noncompliance with such laws and regulations. Our
procedures had a focus on compliance with the reporting framework set out above through our walkthrough testing and the relevant tax
legislation including tax computations and retums,

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the Financial Reporting Council's website
at https://www frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor's report.

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our
audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members those matters we are required to state to them in an
auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other
than the company and the company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Signed by:

trust & Uoung UP

-E42E31080 10346.

Sam Newall (Senior Statutory Auditor)
For and on behalf of Emst & Young LLP, Statutory Auditor
Southampton .

Date: 15 September 2025

Page 15

Profit and Loss Account for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

. Note
Tumover 2
Cost of sales
Gross profit
Distribution costs
‘Administrative expenses
Operating profit 3
Interest receivable and similar income 6
Interest payable and similar charges 7
Profit before tax
Taxation 8
Profit for the financial year
Other Comprehensive Income
Currency translation differences on foreign currency net investment
Remeasurement of the net defined benefit asset 7

Deferred tax arising on gains in the pension scheme
Unrealised gain on cash flow hedges
Deferred tax arising on derivatives

Total comprehensive income for the year

All amounts relate to continuing operations.

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements

31 December 2024

2024 2023
£000 £000
382 543 285 708
(203 832) (115 361)
178 711 170 347
(12 980) (10 476)
(132 136) (134 279)
33 595 25592
3972 4700

(5 760) (6079)
31807 24213
G45) (5 542)
28 392 18671
ns
2 (13)

(1 400) (27 700)
350 6925

3077 (2567)
(770) 642

29651 (4042)

The notes on pages 19 to 42 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 16

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements

31 December 2024
(Registration number: 8004972)
Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2024
2024 2023
Note € 000 £000
Fixed assets
Investments 9 594 433, 594 433
Intangible assets 10 1060 1201
Tangible assets ist 3 606 5.824
599 099 601 458
Current assets
Stocks 12 95 480 103 864
Debtors 13 145 101 95.002
Cash at bank and in hand 180 1151
240 761 200017
Creditors: Amounts falling due within one year 14 (189 830) (173 902)
Net current assets 50931 26 115
Total assets less current liabilities 650031 627573
Creditors: Amounts falling due after more than one year 14 (6811) (6972)
Deferred tax liability 16 (14 723) (18 435)
Pension asset 7 75 728 77528
Net assets 704 225 679 694
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 19 214 616 214616
Share premium 425 655 425 655
Capital contribution (17512) (12.392)
Cash flow hedge reserve 1926 (1151)
Merger reserve (147 879) (147 879)
Profit and loss account 227.419 200 845
Shareholders’ funds 704 225 679 694
——_

Approved and authorised by the Board and signed on its behalf on 15 September 2025 by:

sth Etocroncaly sled by: stove hopkinson
Bie tesoptaasteteweures 15-Sep-2025
SM Hopkinson
Director

The notes on pages 19 to 42 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 17

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements

31 December 2024
Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended 31 December 2024
Called-up Share Capital Profitand Cash flow Merger
share capital premium contribution loss account hedge reserve reserve Total equity
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
At | January 2024 214616 425 655 (12 392) 200 845, (1151) (147879) 679 694
Profit for the year - - - 28 392 - - 28 392
Other comprehensive income : : : (1818) 3077 : 1259
Total comprehensive income - - - 26574 3077 - 29 651
FRS 102 deemed .
capital contribution - - 11357 : - - 11357
Parent undertaking charge .
for share based payments - - . (16477) - - - (16 477)
Business transfer : - : - : - :
At31 December 2024 214616 425 655 (17512) 227.419 1926 (147879) 704 225
wee
Called-up Share Capital Profitand = Cash flow Merger
share capital premium contribution loss account hedge reserve reserve Total equity
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
At I January 2023 214616 425 655 (5813) 202 320 1415 (147879) 690 314
Profit for the year - - - 18.671 - - 18 671
Other comprehensive income : : = 20146) (2.566) (22712)
Total comprehensive income - - - (1475) (2 566) - (4041)
Contribution of shares : : - - - - -
FRS 102 deemed
capital contribution - - 10513 - - - 10513
Parent undertaking charge
for share based payments - - (17092) - - - (17092)
Business transfer - - - - - - -
At31 December 2023 214616 425 655 (12.392) 200 845 (L151) ___ (147879) 679 694
a

The notes on pages 19 to 42 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Page 18

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

1 Accounting policies
Summary of key accounting policies

AbbVie Ltd (the "Company") is a private company limited by shares and incorporated and domiciled in England (no. 8004972). The
address of the registered office is AbbVie House, Vanwall Business Park, Vanwall Road, Maidenhead, Berkshire, SL6 4UB, UK.

The Company is exempt by virtues of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare group financial statements. These financial
statements present information about the Company as an individual undertaking and not about its group.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 102, The Financial Reporting Standard
applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland ("FRS 102"). The presentation currency of these financial statements is sterling. All amounts
in the financial statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

The Company's ultimate parent undertaking, AbbVie Inc. includes the Company in its consolidated financial statements. The consolidated
financial statements of 31 December 2024 are prepared in accordance with US Generally Accepted Accounting Practice and are available
to the public and may be obtained from abbvie.com. In these financial statements, the Company is considered to be a qualifying entity (for
the purposes of this FRS) and has applied the exemptions available under FRS 102 in respect of the following disclosures:

© Cash Flow Statement and related notes; and

Key Management Personnel compensation.

As the consolidated financial statements of ultimate parent undertaking include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has also taken the
exemptions under FRS 102 available in respect of the following disclosures:

© Certain disclosures required by FRS 102.26 Share Based Payments; and,

© The disclosures required by FRS 102.11 Basic Financial Instruments and FRS 102.12 Other Financial Instrument Issues in respect
of financial instruments not falling within the fair value accounting rules of Paragraph 36(4) of Schedule 1.

The Company is exempt from disclosing related party transactions as all of them are with other companies that are wholly owned within the
same group.

The Company proposed to continue to adopt the reduced disclosure framework of FRS 102 in its next financial statements. The accounting
policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.

Measurement convention

The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis.

Page 19

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Going concern

The Company's business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its future development, its financial position, financial risk
management objectives, details of its financial instruments and derivative activities, and its exposure to price, credit and liquidity and cash
flow risk are described in the Strategic Report on pages 1 to 6. The Company has considerable financial resources and long-term contracts
with many customers. Asa consequence, the directors believe that the Company is well placed to manage its business successfully despite
the current uncertain economic outlook.

As the Company is part of the AbbVie Inc. group cash pool, the directors have received written confirmation from AbbVie Inc. (the
"Group") that they will make funds available to the Company if required to enable it to meet its liabilities as they fall due for a period of 12
months from the approval of the financial statements.

In assessing whether the going concem basis is appropriate the Directors have considered all information available about the future for a
period of 12 months from the approval of the financial statements (the "going concem period”). The Directors have considered the financial
position of the Group through to the end of the going concern period. After considering the financial and operational ability of the Group to
continue as a going concer the Directors expect the Company will have access to adequate resources to continue in operational existence
for the foreseeable future and for a period of 12 months from the approval of the financial statements.

Foreign currency transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated to the functional
currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in
a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation
are recognised in the profit and loss account.

The differences arising from the translation of net interests in overseas branches are dealt with through reserves as are differences between
profits translated at average and closing rates.

Fixed asset investments
Fixed asset investments are stated at historical cost less provision for any diminution in value.

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances.

Short-term debtors and creditors

Debtors and creditors with no stated interest rate and receivable or payable within one year are recorded at transaction price. Any losses
afising from impairment are recognised in the income statement in other operating expenses.

Page 20

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

.1 Accounting policies (continued)
Other financial instruments
Financial instruments not considered to be Basic financial instruments (Other financial instruments)

Other financial instruments not meeting the definition of Basic Financial Instruments are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to
initial recognition other financial instruments are measured at fair value with changes recognised in profit or loss except as follows:

- investments in equity instruments that are not publicly traded and whose fair value cannot otherwise be measured reliably shall be
measured at cost less impairment; and

~ hedging instruments in a designated hedging relationship shall be recognised as set out below.

Derivative financial instruments and hedging
Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately in

profit or loss. However, where derivatives qualify for hedge accounting, recognition of any resultant gain or loss depends on the nature of
item being hedged (see below).

Fair value hedges
Where a derivative financial instrument is designated as hedge of variability in fair value of a recognised asset or liability or an
unrecognised firm commitment, all changes in the fair value of derivative are recognised immediately in profit and loss. The carrying value
of the hedged item is adjusted by the change in fair value that is attributable to the risk being hedged (even if it is normally carried at cost
or amortised cost) and any gains or losses on re-measurement are recognised’ immediately in the income statement (even if those gains
would normally be recognised directly in reserves).

If hedge accounting is discontinued and the hedged financial asset or liability has not been derecognised, any adjustments to the carrying
amount of the hedged item are amortised into profit or loss using the effective interest method over the remaining life of the hedged item.

Cash flow hedges

Where a derivative financial instrument is designated as a hedge of the variability in cash flow of a recognised asset or liability, or a highly
probable forecast transaction, the effective part of any gain or loss on the derivative financial instrument is recognised directly in other
comprehensive income ("OCI"). Any ineffective portion of the hedge is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

For cash flow hedges, where the forecast transactions resulted in the recognition of a non-financial asset or non-financial liability, the
hedging gain or loss recognised in OCI is included in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the asset or liability. Altematively when
the hedged item is recognised in profit or loss the hedging gain or loss is reclassified to profit or loss.

When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, or the entity discontinues designation of the hedge relationship but
the hedged forecast transaction is still expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss at that point remains in equity and is recognised in
accordance with the above policy when the transaction occurs. If the hedged transaction is no longer expected to take place, the cumulative ”
unrealised gain or loss recognised in equity is recognised in the income statement immediately.

Page 21

AbbVie Lid
Anmual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
Tangible assets
Tangible fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

The Company assesses at each reporting date whether tangible fixed assets are impaired.
Depreciation
Depreciation methods and useful lives are reviewed if there is an indication of a significant change since last annual reporting

date in the pattern by which the Company expects to consume an asset's future economic benefits.

Depreciation is charged to the profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each part of an item of
tangible fixed assets, The estimated useful lives are as follows:

Asset class Depreciation method and rate
Leasehold improvements . 10 - 20 years

Plant and equipment 4-10 years

Intangible assets

Goodwill

Goodwill is stated at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.

Amortisation

‘Amortisation is charged to the profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets. Intangible assets are
. amortised from the date they are available for use. Goodwill has no residual value.

The Company reviews the amortisation period and method when events and circumstances indicate that the useful life may have changed
since the last reporting date.

Goodwill is tested for impairment in accordance with Section 27 "Impairment of Assets" when there is an indication that goodwill may be
impaired :

Asset class Amortisation method and rate
Goodwill Amortised over a period of 20 years
Stocks

Stocks are stated at the lower of cost and estimated selling price less costs to complete and sell. Cost is based on the first-in
first-out principle and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the stocks.

Page 22

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
Impairment excluding stocks and deferred tax assets
Financial assets (including trade and other debtors)

A financial asset not carried at fair value through profit or loss is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is objective
evidence that it is impaired. A financial asset is impaired if objective evidence indicates that a loss event has occurred after the initial
recognition of the asset, and that the loss event had a negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of that asset that can be estimated
reliably.

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount
and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's original effective interest rate.

For financial instruments measured at cost less impairment the impairment is calculated as the difference between its carrying amount and
the best estimate of the amount that the Company would receive for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting date. Impairment losses
are recognised in profit or loss. When a subsequent event causes the amount of impairment loss to decrease, the decrease in impairment
loss is reversed through profit or loss.

Non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the Company's non-financial asseis, other than stocks and deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date
to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is estimated.
The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment losses are
recognised in profit or loss.

An impairment loss is reversed if and only if the reasons for the impairment have ceased to apply.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no
longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that
would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

Defined contribution pension obligation

The Company operates a defined contribution pension scheme. A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which
the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts.
Obligations for contributions to defined contribution ‘pension plans are recognised as an expense in the profit and loss account in the
periods during which services are rendered by employees.

Page 23

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Defined benefit pension obligation

The Company operates two defined benefit pension schenies under which contributions by employees and the Company are held in
separately administered trustee companies. A defined benefit plan is defined as a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined,
contribution plan. The Company's net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated by estimating the amount of future benefit
that employees have earned in retum for their service in the current and prior periods; that benefit is discounted to determine its present
value. The fair value of any plan assets is deducted. The Company determines the net interest expense / (income) on the net defined benefit
(iability) / asset for the period by applying the discount rate as determined at the beginning of the annual period to the net defined benefit
(liability) / asset taking account of changes arising as a result of contributions and benefit payments.

The discount rate is the rate equivalent to the current rate of.return on high quality corporate bonds of equivalent currency and having
matiirity dates approximating to the terms of the Company's obligations. A valuation is performed by a qualified actuary using the projected
unit credit method at three year intervals and is updated at each balance sheet date. The Company recognises net defined benefit plan assets
to the extent that it is able to recover the surplus either through reduced contributions in the future or through refunds from the plan. The
defined benefit asset or liability, net of related deferred tax, is presented separately after other net assets on the face of the statement of
financial position.

Changes in the net defined benefit asset arising from employee service rendered during the period, net interest on net defined benefit asset,
and the cost of plan introductions, benefit changes, curtailments and settlements during the period are recognised in profit or loss.

Remeasurement of the net defined benefit asset is recognised in other comprehensive income in the period in which it occurs.

Share based payments
The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at the date on which the relevant
employees become fully entitled to the award. Fair value is determined by an extemal valuer using an appropriate pricing model. In valuing
equity-settled transactions, no account is taken of any vesting conditions, other than conditions linked to the price of the shares of the
Company (market conditions): No expense is recognised for awards that do not ultimately vest, except for awards where vesting is
conditional upon a market condition, which are treated as vesting irrespective of whether or not the market condition is satisfied, provided
that all other performance conditions are satisfied. At each balance sheet date before vesting, the cumulative expense is calculated,
representing the extent to which the vesting period has expired and management's best estimate of the achievement or otherwise of non-
market conditions and of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest or in the case of an instrument subject to market
condition, be treated as vesting as described above. The movement in cumulative expense since the previous balance sheet date is
recognised in the income statement, with a corresponding entry in equity. Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified or a new
award is designated as replacing a cancelled or settled award, the cost based on the original award terms continues to be recognised over
the original vesting period.

In addition, all expense is recognised over the remainder of the new vesting period for the incremental fair value of any modification, based
‘on the difference between the fair value of the original award and the fair value of the modified award, both as measured on the date of
modification. No reduction is recognised if this difference is negative. Where an équity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had
vested on the date cancellation, and any cost not yet recognised in the profit and loss account for the award is recognised immediately. Any
compensation paid up to the fair value of the award at the cancellation or settlement date is deducted from equity, with any excess over fair
value expensed in the profit and loss account. The financial effort of awards by the parent company of options over its equity shares to the
employees of subsidiary undertakings are recognised by the parent company in its individual financial statements, in particular the parent
company records an increase in its investment in subsidiaries with credit to equity equivalent to the FRS 102 cost to the subsidiary
undertaking

Page 24

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
Provisions

A provision is recognised when the Company has a legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event and it is probable that an
outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.

Provisions for the expected costs of maintenance under guarantees are charged against profits when products have been invoiced. The
effect of the time value of money is not material and therefore the provisions are not discounted.

Revenue recognition

Tumover represents the invoiced value of goods supplied, excluding VAT, after making allowance for discounts and returns
Turnover is recognised on the date that goods are delivered to the customer.

Leases

Operating leases

Payments (excluding costs for services and insurance) made under operating leases are recognised in the profit and loss account on a
straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Lease incentives received are recognised in profit and loss over the term of the lease as an
integral part of the total lease expense.

Interest receivable and Interest payable

Interest income and interest payable are recognised in profit or loss as they accrue, using the effective interest method. Interest receivable is
due to the Company from cash deposits with affiliated companies or third party banks. Interest payable is due from the Company from cash
deposits with affiliated companies. Interest receivable and interest payable are calculated on a daily basis and accrued monthly.

Tax
Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss account except to the

extent that it relates to items recognised directly in other comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in other
comprehensive income.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is provided on timing differences which arise from the inclusion of income and expenses in tax assessments in periods
different from those in which they are recognised in the financial statements. Deferred tax is not recognised on permanent differences
arising because certain types of income or expense are non-taxable or are disallowable for tax or because certain tax charges or allowances
are greater or smaller than the corresponding income or expense.

Deferred tax is measured at the tax rate that is expected to apply to the reversal of the related difference, using tax rates enacted or
substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Deferred tax balances are not discounted.

Unrelieved tax losses and other deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that is probable that they will be recovered against the
reversal of deferred tax liabilities or other future taxable profits.

Research.and development

For accounting purposes, research expenses are defined as expenses incurred as a result of experimental, theoretical or other work aimed at
the discovery of new knowledge, or the advancement of existing knowledge. Development expenditure is defined as the application of such
work and substantially improving products. For the Company, research and development expenditure comprise the costs of local clinical
studies. Such expenditure is written off to the profit and loss account in the year incurred.

Page.25

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
Key sources of estimation uncertainty”

Pension assumptions

The Company has an obligation to pay pension benefits to the employees. The Directors have provided certain assumptions to be used for
the purposes of the pension disclosures report prepared by the external provider. These include both the, financial and demographic
assumptions. The cost of benefits and the present value of the obligation depend on a number of factors, including life expectancy, salary
increases, asset valuations and the discount rate. Management estimates these factors in determining the net pension obligation in the
statement of financial position. It is requirement of the standard that any assumptions that are affected by economic conditions shall be
based on market expectations, at the balance sheet date, for the period over which the obligations are settled. The directors believe that the
assumptions adopted are reasonable as reflect historical experience and current trends. See note 17 for the disclosures relating to the
defined benefit pension scheme.

Impairment of debtors
The Company makes an estimate of the recoverable value of trade and other debtors. When assessing impairment of trade debtors,
‘management considers factors including the current credit rating of the debtor, the ageing profile of debtors and historical experience. See
note 13 for the net carrying amount of the debtors and associated impairment provision.

Operating lease commitments
The Company has entered into commercial property leases and as a lessee it obtains use of tangible assets. The classification of such leases
as operating or finance lease required the Company to determine, based on an evaluation of the terms and conditions of the arrangements,
whether it retains or acquired the significant risks and rewards of ownership of these-assets and accordingly whether the lease requires an
asset and liability to be recognized in the statement of financial position. See note 20 for the disclosure relating to the operating lease

commitments.

2 = Turnover
‘An analysis of turnover by geographical location is given below:

2024 2023

£000 £000

Sale of goods - United Kingdom 382 543 285 708
————

Page 26

AbbVie Lid

Annual report and financial statements

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

3 Operating profit
«Included in profit are the following:

Amortisation of goodwill (see note 10)
Depreciation of owned assets (see note 11)
Research and development expense as incurred
Foreign exchange differences

Operating lease rentals - land and buildings
Operating lease rentals - plant and machinery
Loss on disposal of fixed assets

Auditor's remuneration:

Audit of these financial statements
Audit related assurance services
Taxation and advisory services

4 — Staff costs

31 December 2024
2024 2023
£000 £000
141 141
3.009 3114
1839 803
797 1122
6 200 6 873
3292 3018
56 u
2024 2023
£000 £000
164 158
33 32

12 12
209 202

The average number of persons employed by the Company (including directors) during the year, analysed by category was as follows:

Administration and support
Sales, marketing and distribution

The aggregate payroll costs (including directors’ remuneration) were as follows:

Wages and salaries
Social security costs
Expenses related to pension schemes

Page 27

2024
No.
575
577

1152

2024
£000
123 870
19271
14.024
157 165

2023
No.
636
486

1122

2023
£000
117 852
18 334
12 966
149 152

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Directors’ remuneration
The aggregate payroll costs (including directors’ remuneration) were as follows:

2024 2023
£000 £000
Directors’ remuneration : 1791 2279
Contributions paid to a pension scheme in respect of directors’ qualifying serviees 41 64
Directors’ amount under long term incentive schemes in respect of qualifying services 333 354

2165 2697

The aggregate of remuneration of the highest paid director is £1,052,694 (2023: £1,334,095) .
‘The accrued pension at the erid of the year of the highest paid director is £ nil (2023: £ nil) .
During current year, one director (prior year: one) did not receive any emoluments from the Company. This director's services to the

Company do not occupy a significant amount of their time and are considered incidental. This director is remunerated by a different
company within the Group.

2024 2023

£000 £000
Retirement benefits are accruing to the following number of directors under defined benefit schemes 2 1
6 Other interest receivable and similar income

2024 2023

£000 £000
Net interest income on net defined benefit plan assets (note 17) 3400 4700
Interest receivable from group undertakings 127 -
Other interest receivable 445 =

3972 4700
7 Interest payable and similar expenses

2024 2023

£000 £000
Interest payable to group undertakings 5697 6009
Other interest payable 63 10

5 760 6.079

Page 28

AbbVie Lid

Annual report and financial statements

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

8 ~=Taxation

Total tax expense recognised in the profit and loss account and other comprehensive income

Current taxation
Current tax on income for the year

Adjustments in respect of prior periods
Entity margin adjustment

Deferred taxation
Origination and reversal of timing differences
‘Adjustments in respect of prior periods

Deferred tax on pension scheme
Deferred tax arising on derivatives
Total deferred taxation
Tax expense
£000
Current
tax
Recognised in profit and loss 7546
Recognised in other
comprehensive income :
Total tax 7546

2024
£000
Deferred
tax

(4131)

419
(3 712)

£000
Total tax
3415

419

3 834
————

£000
‘Current
tax
3.047

3047

31 December 2024
2024 2023
£000 £000
7792 3.602
(246) (855)
7546 3.047
(850) 3.055
3281) (60)
350) (6925)
769 (642)
712) (5072)
3834 2.025)

2023

£000
Deferred £000
tax Total tax
2.495 5542
(7567) (7567)

(5 072) (2.025)

Page 29

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

8 Taxation (continued)
Analysis of total tax recognised in profit and loss

2024 2023
£000 £000
UK Corporation Tax 3415 5542

The current tax on profit before tax for the year is lower than the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK (2023 - lower than the
standard rate of corporation tax in the UK) of 25% (2023 - 23.52%) .

The differences are reconciled below:

2024 2023

£000 £000
Profit » 28392 18 671
Income tax expense 3415 5 542
Profit . 31 807 24 213
Corporation tax at standard rate 7952 5 695
Adjustments to tax charge in respect of previous periods 3 527) (i115)
Effect of expense not deductible in determining taxable profit 925 781
Difference between current and deferred tax rates - 181
Share based payments (1.935) .
Total tax charge 3415 5 542

OECD Pillar Two model rules

The OECD Pillar Two model rules generally apply to multinational enterprises with consolidated revenue of €750 million or more. Subject
to certain transitional safe harbors, large multinational enterprises within the scope of the rules are required to calculate their GloBE
effective tax rate for each jurisdiction where they operate and will be subject to a top-up tax for the difference between their GloBE
effective tax rate for each jurisdiction and the 15% minimum rate. If the GIoBE effective tax rate in a jurisdiction is 15% or more, no
GIoBE top-up tax will be payable with respect to that jurisdiction.

Pillar Two legislation was enacted in 2023 in the United Kingdom and came into effect as of | January 2024.

The AbbVie Group conducted an assessment of the AbbVie Group’s potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in the United Kingdom.
The results of the analysis are reflected in the Financial Statement for the year 2024.

The company has applied the temporary exception by the FRC from the accounting requirements for deferred taxes under FRED 83.

Accordingly, the company neither recognises nor discloses information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two
income taxes.

Page 30

AbbVie Lid

Annual report and financial statements

31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

9 Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
Shares in group undertakings and participating ‘interests.

Cost or valuation
At 1 January 2024
At31 December 2024
Carrying amount
At31 December 2024
At31 December 2023

Details of undertakings

£000

594 433
594 433

594 433

594 433

Details of the investments in which the Company holds 20% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital are as follows:

‘ ‘ Nature of
Undertaking Registered office business
AbbVie Australasia Holdings © AbbVie House Holding
Limited ~ Vanwall Business Park

Vanwall Road
Maidenhead
Berkshire
SL6 4UB

UK

Allergan Limited Marlow Intemational Pharmaceuticals
Parkway
Marlow
SL71YL
Buckinghamshire
UK

Allergan Holdings Limited Marlow Intemational Holding
Parkway
Marlow
SL7 1YL
Buckinghamshire
UK

Page 31

Proportion of voting rights

and shares held

2024 2023
100% 100%
100% 100%
100% 100%

AbbVie Lid

Annual report and financial statements

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

9 Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates (continued)
Details of undertakings (continued)

Undertaking

AbbVie Pty Limited
(held indirectly)

Allergan Australia
Pty Limited
(held indirectly)

10 Intangible assets

Cost or valuation
‘Atl January 2024
At31 December 2024
Amortisation

At | January 2024
Amortisation charge
At31 December 2024
Carrying amount.
At31 December 2024
At31 December 2023

Registered office

241 O'Riordan Street
Mascot NSW 2020
Australia

Level 20/177 Pacific Hwy
North Sydney NSW 2060
Australia

Nature of
business

Pharmaceuticals

Pharmaceuticals

Page 32

31 December 2024
Proportion of voting rights
and shares held
2024 2023
100% 100%
100% 100%
Goodwill
£000
2.823
2823
1622
141
1763

1201

AbbVie Lid

Annual report and financial statements

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

11 Tangible assets

Cost or valuation

At 1 January 2024
Additions

Disposals

Foreign exchange movements
At31 December 2024
Depreciation

At 1 January 2024
Charge for the year
Eliminated on disposal
At31 December 2024
Carrying amount

At 31 December 2024
At31 December 2023

12 Stocks

Raw materials and consumables
Goods

31 December 2024
Leasehold Plant and Under
improvements equipment —_ construction Total
£000 £000 * £000 £000
17134 9918 260 27312
58 617 167 842
(144) (1776) : (1920)
3 2 : 5
17051 8761 427 26 239
14078 7410 - 21 488
1734 1275 - 3.009
(135) (1729) - (1864)
15 677 6956 : 22.633
1374 1.805 427 3.606
3.056 2.508 260 5824
2024 2023
£000 £000
1 2
95.479 103 862
95 480 103 864

The cost of stocks recognised as an expense in the year amounted to £203,832,000 (2023: £ 115,361,00) .

There is no significant difference between the replacement cost of the inventory and its carrying amount.

Page 33

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements

31 December 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
13 Debtors
2024 2023
£000 £000
Due within one year
Trade debtors 65 984 64.877
Amounts owed by group undertakings (a) 49717 10 607
Other debtors 553 412
Prepayments and accrued income 5973 3749
Corporation taxation . 20 888 15 357
Derivative financial instruments (note 15) 1926 -
45 101 95002,

(a) This amount relates to trade balances with the Company's parent and fellow subsidiaries and is unsecured and does not bear interest.
These are payable on demand.

Trade debtors are stated after provisions for impairment of £1,293,000 (2023: £1,349,000) .

14 Creditors
2024 2023
£000 £000
Due within one year
Trade creditors 16 034 14774
Amounts due to group undertakings (a) 1321 17375
Intercompany loan (b) 94 816 71 782
Social security and other taxes 21 280 14983
Accruals 56 379 53 837
Derivative financial instruments (note 15) - 1151
189 830 173.902

Die after one year
Other non-current financial liabilities 6811 6972
68il 6972

—

(@)O) Amounts owed to group undertakings are unsecured and do not bear interest. These are payable on demand.

(®)_Intercompany loan is unsecured, has no fixed date of repayment, is repayable on demand and interest bearing at UK Bank of England
Official Bank Rate plus 7.0 basis point margin.

Page 34

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements

31 December 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
15 Financial instruments
2024 2023
. £000 £000
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss - Derivative financial instruments (note 13 and 14) 1926 (151)

The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to manage its exposure to foreign currency denominated intercompany loans
and cash portfolio positions. The Company hedges balance sheet exposure internally with AbbVie Finance B.V., subsequently AbbVie
Finance B.V. hedges net foreign exchange balance sheet exposure with the third party banks. All outstanding (having future value date)
foreign exchange contracts are revalued at month-end to fair market Value. Revaluation postings accumulate until a maturity date of a
specific contract and are reversed upon the contract settlement and posted to profit or loss via realised income/loss account in other
comprehensive income.

16 Deferred tax and other provisions

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

Asset Asset Liabilities Liabilities Net Net
2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Accelerated capital allowances 2 18 - - 12 18
Employee share aquisition relief 4083 334 - - 4.083 334
Other 495 627 - - 495 627
Deferred tax arising
on derivatives : * (481) (32) (481) 2)
Tax assets 4690 979 - - 4690 979
Net of tax liabilities : : (481) 32) (481) G2)
Net tax assets / (liabilities) 4690 979 (481) (2) 4209 947
Deferred tax on pension : - (18 932) (19 382) (18932) (19 382)
scheme
4690 979. (19 413) (19.414) (14723) (18 435)
2024
£000
‘At 1 January (18 435)
Deferred tax charge 4131
Deferred tax charge to other comprehensive income for the year (419)
At 31 December ‘ (14 723)

Page 35

AbbVie Ltd
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

17 Pension and other schemes

Following the transfer of personnel from Allergan Limited and Allergan Holdings Limited in 2022, the Company assumed a defined benefit
pension scheme that previously encompassed employees from these entities. At 31 December 2024, the Company operated two defined
benefit pension schemes, one for employees of AbbVie and anothef for former employees of Allergan, as well as a defined contribution
pension scheme and all employees were eligible for one of these schemes,

AbbVie defined benefit pension scheme

Under the defined benefit scheme the employees are entitled to maximum retirement benefits of 60% of final salary on attainment of a
retirement age of 65. No other post-retirement benefits are provided. The scheme is a funded scheme. With effect from 1 April 2016 the
Fund is closed to new members unless an individual group of individuals or a category of individuals had at 1 April 2016 had been offered
employment with the Company on the basis of Fund membership.

Allergan defined benefit pension schemes (closed 28 February 2025)

With effect from 28 February 2015, the scheme closed to future accrual and the link to future salary increases was removed. As part of this
process all members in service at 31 December 2014 were granted an additional year of pensionable service. The past service cost resulting
from this augmentation of benefits has not been reflected in the income statement because there is an unrecoverable surplus in the scheme.
On 28 February 2025, the Scheme closed and transferred all assets and liabilities into the AbbVie defined benefit scheme.

In June 2023, the High Court handed down a decision (Virgin Media Limited v NTL Pension Trustees I Limited and others) that
amendments to scheme rules were invalid in the absence of a confirmation from the scheme actuary under Section 37 of the Pension
Schemes Act 1993 (the Decision). The Decision was appealed and in June 2024, the Court of Appeal upheld the Decision. In June 2025,
the UK Government announced they will be introducing legislation to give affected schemes the ability to retrospectively obtain written
actuarial confirmation that historic benefit changes met the necessary standards. The Company is aware of recent developments and
understands that the Company schemes” Trustee is taking a “wait and see” approach, rather than carrying out an investigation as to whether
the Company's schemes are affected, in line with the recent guidance from the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales. As
such, the Company has concluded that there is no requirement for further investigation or quantification within the accounts at this stage.

Defined contribution scheme

The defined contribution scheme is based on three rates of contributions:

Employee Total monthly

Option pays  AbbVie pays savings
1 4% 10% 14%

2 % 11% 16%

3 % 12% 18%

Under optional Additional Voluntary Contributions (AVCs) part of the scheme, employees may pay an additional percentage of their basic
salary each month as an AVC if they wish to, but the Company will not pay any more. The total contribution payable by the Company is
capped at 12%.

Contributions payable to, the defined contribution pension scheme at the end of the year is £1,154,000 (2023: £990,705).

Contributions payable to the defined benefit pension scheme at the end of the year is £ nil (2023: £ nil).

The information disclosed below is in respect of the all of the plans for which the Company is either legally responsible or has been
allocated a share of cost under an agreed group policy throughout the periods shown.

Page 36

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

17 Pension and other schemes (continued)

The pension asset comprises the following pension schemes:

AbbVie
Allergan

AbbVie

Pension assets

Defined benefit obligation
Plan assets
Pension asset

At 1 January 2024

Current service cost

Interest expense
Remeasurement gains
Contributions by employer
Contributions by participants
Benefits paid

Administration costs incured
At 31 December 2024

Expense recognised in the profit and loss account

Current service cost
Administration expenses

Net interest on net defined benefit liability (note 6)

Total expense recognised in profit and loss

31 December 2024

2024 2023
£000 £000
66 600 69 100

9 128 8 428

2024 2023
£000 £000
(243 400) (282900)
310 000 352.000
66 600
Assets Liabilities Total
£000 £000 £000
352 000 (282900) 69 100
- (4 100) (4100)
15.600 (12 600) 3.000
(47 600) 46 500 (1 100)
1300 - 1300
(9 700) 9700 -
(1 600) : (1.600)
310 000 (243 400) 66 600
2024 2023
£000 £000
4100 4200
1600 1300

3 000) (4 200)
2700 1300
—==

The total amount recognised in the Other Comprehensive Income in respect of actuarial gains and losses is £1,100,000 (loss) (2023:

£25,000,000 (loss) .

Page 37

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

17 Pension and other schemes (continued)

The fair value of the plan assets was as follows:

2024 2023
Fair value of plan assets £000 £000
Equities” 83 700 86 500
Bonds and other debt instruments 203 200 242 000
Property 23.100 23 500

310000 352 000

The pension scheme has not invested in any of the Company's own financial instruments or in properties or other assets used by the
Company.

The actual return on plan assets was as follows:

2024 2023
The actual return on plan assets £000 £000
Interest income on plan assets 15.600 16 600
Loss on plan assets . (47 600) (5 100)

32.000) 1500

Principal actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages) at the year-end were as follows:

2024 2023

% %

Discount rate . 555 4.50

Future salary increases . 3.75 3.75
RPI Inflation
CPI Inflation

The last full actuarial valuation was performed as of 31 March 2022. In valuing the liabilities of the pension fund at 31 December 2024
mortality assumptions have been made as indicated below.

The assumptions relating to longevity underlying the pension liabilities at the balance sheet date are based on standard actuarial mortality
tables and include an allowance for future improvements in longevity. The assumptions are equivalent to expecting a 65-year old to live for
a number of years as follows:

Current pensioner aged 65: 21.7 years (male), 23.7 years (female).

Future retiree upon reaching 65: 22.6 years (male), 24.7 years (female).

. Page 38

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements

31 December 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
17. Pension and other schemes (continued)
Allergan
Pension assets
2024 2023
£000 £000
Defined benefit obligation (52.463) (61 363)
Plan assets 61591 69791
Pension asset
Assets Liabilities Total
. £000 £000 £000
At 1 January 2024 69791 (61 363) 8.428
Interest expense . 3100 (2.700) 400
Remeasurement gains (9 700) 9400 (300)
Contributions by employer 1300 - 1300
Benefits paid : (2.200) . 2200 a
Administration costs incured (700) : (700)
At 31 December 2024 . 61591 (52 463) 9128
2024 2023
£000 £000
Expense recognised in the profit and loss account
Administration expenses ‘ . 700 400
Net interest on net defined benefit liability (note 6) (400) (500)

Total expense recognised in profit and loss

The total amount recognised in the Other Compreiensive Income in respect of actuarial gains and losses is £300,000 (loss) (2023:
£2,700,000).

‘The fair value of the plan assets was as follows:

2024 2023

Fair value of plan assets £000 £000
Equities . 20.400 20200
Bonds and other debt instruments 39900 49 200
Cash 1291 391

a5 97

The pension scheme has not invested in any of the Company's own financial instruments or in properties or other assets used by the
Company.

Page 39

AbbVie Lid
Annial report and financial statements

31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
17 Pension and other schemes (continued)
The actual return on plan assets was as follows:

. 2024 2023
The actual return on plan assets £000 £000
Interest income on plan assets 3.100 3200,
Loss on plan assets (9 700) (1.600)

(6 600) 1600

Principal actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages) at the year-end were as follows:

2024 2023

% %

Discount rate 5.55 4.50
RPI Inflation 3.05 2.95
CPI Inflation 2.75 2.60

The last full actuarial valuation was performed as of 31 July 2022. In valuing the liabilities of the pension fund at 31 December 2024
mortality assumptions have been made as indicated below.

The assumptions relating to longevity underlying the pension liabilities at the balance sheet date are based on standard actuarial mortality
tables and include an allowance for future improvements in longevity. The assumptions are equivalent to expecting a 65-year old to live for
a number of years as follows:

Current pensioner aged 65: 22.1 years (male), 24.7 years (female).

Future retiree upon reaching 65: 23.1 years (male), 25.8 years (female),

Page 40

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

18 Share-based payments
The Company is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of AbbVie Inc. and the share-based payment arrangement concerns equity instruments
of that group entity.

The Company has recognised a total expense of share-based payments of £11,357,000 (2023: £10,513,000).

The Company has taken advantage of the exemptions contained in FRS 102 and has therefore not fulfilled the requirements of Section 26
of this FRS (26.18(b), 26.19 to 26.21 and 26.23) related to the share-based payment transactions.

Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)
The Company's ultimate parent company maintains an equity-settled share-based payment arrangement under which certain employees of
the ultimate parent company’s subsidiaries are awarded grants of restricted stock units. Restricted stock units vest over three years

beginning one year from the date of grant. Restticted stock units are forfeited if the employee leaves the Company before the awards vest.

The Company has made a payment to the ultimate parent company in relation to the cost of restricted stock units and has’ recognised a
deemed capital contribution equal to the calculated value of restricted stock units less the amount paid to the ultimate parent company.

Employee Share Incentive Plan
| The Company operates a Share Incentive Plan for all employees. Employees purchase ordinary shares in the ultimate parent company at the

market value by means of a deduction from gross salary. The Company matches the employee purchase at a ratio of 1:1 subject to a limit of
1.75% of pensionable salary or £125 per month.

19 Share capital

Allotted, called up and fully paid shares

2024 2023

No. £ No. £

A share class of £1 each of £1 each 209 616 153 209 616 153 209 616 153 209 616 153
B share class of £1 each of £1 each 5.000 001 5 000001 5.000 001 5.000 001

214

214 616 154 214 616 154 214 616 154
ee

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to full vote (A share) or
limited vote (B share) per share at meetings of the Company.

Page 41

AbbVie Lid
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

20 Capital and other commitments
Contracts for future capital expenditure not provided in the financial statements amount to £ nil (2023: £ nil).

The Company had the following future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases for each of the following periods:

2024 2023

. £000 £000

Due within one year 6343 6994
Due between one and five years inclusive 12.660 6740
Due beyond five years 2937 467
21940 14201

During the year £9,492,000 was recognised as an expense in the profit and loss account in respect of operating leases (2023: £9,891,000) .

21 Parent and ultimate parent undertaking

The Company is a subsidiary undertaking of AbbVie Group Investments 2 Limited, a company registered in Bermuda, AbbVie UK Holdco
Limited, a company registered in the United Kingdom and Aptalis Holding B.V., a company registered in Netherlands. The ultimate
controlling party is AbbVie Inc., incorporated in the State of Delaware, USA. The smallest and largest group in which the results of the
Company are consolidated accounts are available to the public and may be obtained from AbbVie Inc., 1 North Waukegan Road, North
Chicago, IL 60064, USA. .

The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of AbbVie Inc. Accordingly, the Company has taken advantage of the exemption under FRS
102 section 33 not to disclose transactions with other group companies which meet the’criteria that all subsidiary undertakings which are
party to transactions are wholly owned by the ultimate controlling parent. There were no other related party transactions during the year.

22 Events after the financial period

On 28 February 2025, the Allergan defined benefit Scheme was closed. All assets and liabilities were transferred into the AbbVie defined
benefit scheme.

Page 42
