ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Annual Report and Financial Statements

f aucun

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Contents’

Company Information 1

Strategic Report 2
Directors' Report 4
Statement of Directors' Responsibilities 6
Independent Auditor's Report 7
Income Statement 10
Statement of Changes in Equity ll
Balance Sheet 12

Notes to the Financial Statements 13

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Company Information

Directors

Company secretary

Registered office

Auditors

M Issa

Z Issa

M Dale

G Lindsay

J Fallon (resigned 18 July 2022)

S$ Nuttall (appointed 18 July 2022, resigned 24 May 2023)
M Gleeson (appointed 24 May 2023)

H Selby

ASDA House
Southbank

Great Wilson Street
Leeds

LS115AD

UK

Ernst & Young LLP
1 Bridgewater Place
Water Lane

Leeds

LS11 5QR.

Page |

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2022

The Directors present their strategic report for the year ended 31 December 2022.

Principal activity

The principal activities of ASDA Supermarkets Limited ("the Company") were retail property investment,
development and management. During the prior year, the Company held the title for a property and received
rental income in relation to this site from a fellow group undertaking of Bellis Finco PLC ("the Group"). As
described in note 5, the Company disposed of its investment property on 23 June 2021 in exchange for an
intercompany receivable with a value in excess of the net book value of the investment property at that date.
This balance along with other intercompany receivables, was used to settle a dividend which was declared
during the year. The Company is no longer trading and there are no plans to trade in the foreseeable future.

Results and Dividends

The Company's profit for the financial year, after taxation, amounted to £1,010,000 (2021: £39,117,000).
Dividends of £44,238,000 were declared during the year (2021: £nil).

Section 172 statement

The following sections serve as the Section 172 statement of the Company, pursuant to the requirements of The
Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018. Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 (“CA 2006”)
recognises that whilst companies are run for the benefit of their shareholders, a business’s long-term success and
reputation are dependent upon maintaining relationships with stakeholders and an appreciation of the external
impact of its activities.

The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) are fully aware of their responsibilities to promote the success
of the Company in accordance with section 172 of the CA 2006 and are keen to ensure proper reflection on
stakeholder engagement and issues at Director level and promote continuous reflection on opportunities for
development.

The Directors of the Company meet quarterly and regularly review the Company’s principal stakeholders and
how the Directors engage with them. The sections below set out a more detailed summary of the Company’s
relationships with its key stakeholders and how the Directors engage with those stakeholders.

The outcome of stakeholder engagement generally influences the formulation and ongoing review of the
long-term strategy and financial planning to ensure that the Company’s approach continues to deliver
sustainable returns and promotes reputational reward. The Directors aim to take the needs and priorities of each
stakeholder group into account as part of their decision-making processes, recognising that the pertinence of a
particular stakeholder group may vary depending upon the matter under discussion.

Page 2

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 (continued)

Key stakeholder engagement

Investors

The Company’s investors during the year, ASDA Group Limited and ultimately, Bellis Topco Limited, were
key stakeholders. The investors were providers of capital which allow the Company to deliver long-term
success.

Decisions made by the Company are reported to and monitored by the Executive Committee of ASDA Group
Limited. The overall performance of the Bellis Finco PLC group, which includes this Company, is monitored by
investors in Bellis Topco Limited via established governance and regular reporting mechanisms.

Customers

As above, until the sale of its property during the prior year, the Company’s principal activity was to charge
property rental relating to properties owned or leased by the Company to other Group companies. Therefore, the
Company’s customers were predominantly other Group companies. At the Balance Sheet date, the Company no
longer has customers.

Suppliers
The Company has no suppliers.

Employees
The Company has no employees.

Key principal decisions

On 16 September 2022, a dividend of £44,238,000 (2021: £nil) was declared to the immediate parent
undertaking and left outstanding as an intercompany payable. The intercompany payable was settled by
transferring intercompany receivables to the immediate parent company with a book value equal to the amount
of the dividend. There were no cash payments made to settle the dividend.

Key Performance Indicators, Risks and Uncertainties

Due to the nature of the business, there are no material risks or uncertainties which require disclosure and key
performance indicators are not applicable. The key performance indicators, risks and uncertainties of the Group,
which includes this Company, are noted in the Strategic Report of the Group’s Annual Report and Financial
Statements, which does not form part of this report

Approved by the Board on 28 July 2023 and signed on its behalf by:

tered Sto

Director

Page 3

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2022

The Directors present their report and the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022.

Directors
The Directors who held office during the year and subsequent to the year end were as follows:

*M Issa

*ZIssa

+M Dale

*G Lindsay

+ J Fallon (resigned 18 July 2022)

+ S Nuttall (appointed 18 July 2022, resigned 24 May 2023)

Further to the above, M Gleeson was appointed as a director of the Company on 24 May 2023.

Future developments
The Company’s future developments are detailed in the Strategic Report.

Going concern

The Company previously earned rental income from its investment property. On 23 June 2021, this property
was disposed of and the Company ceased trading at this point. In accordance with IAS 1: Presentation and
Disclosure, these financial statements are prepared on a basis other than going concern to reflect the fact that
trading has ceased. Assets and liabilities continue to be carried at their recoverable amount in the year. Due to
the cessation of trade, assets and liabilities have been classified as current. During the year, the Company
declared a dividend to its immediate parent which was settled using intercompany receivable balances existing
at that date. The Company has no other assets or liabilities at that date and therefore, the carrying value of assets
and liabilities at the Balance Sheet date is £nil.

Dividends

Dividends declared are detailed in the Strategic Report.

Page 4

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
Directors' liabilities
During the year, the Directors were insured against liability in respect of proceedings brought by third parties,

subject to the limitations set out in the Companies Act 2006. This insurance is paid for by a fellow subsidiary
undertaking of the immediate parent company.

Directors’ statement as to disclosure of information to auditors

Each Director has taken steps that they ought to have taken as a director in order to make themselves aware of
any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information. The
Directors confirm that there is no relevant information that they know of and of which they know the auditor is
unaware.

Approved by the Board on 28 July 2023 and signed on its behalf by:

Director

Page 5

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Statement of Directors' Responsibilities

The Directors are responsible for preparing the annual report and the financial statements in accordance with
applicable United Kingdom law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the
Directors have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally
Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards and applicable law), including FRS 101
‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’ (“FRS 101”). Under company law the Directors must not approve the
financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the
Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the
Directors are required to:

* Select suitable accounting policies in accordance with IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting
Estimates and Errors (and then apply them consistently;

+ Make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ Present information, including accounting policies, in a manner that provides relevant, reliable, comparable
and understandable information;

* Provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific requirements in FRS 101 is insufficient to
enable users to understand the impact of particular transactions, other events and conditions on the
Company’s financial position and financial performance;

* State whether applicable UK Accounting Standards, including FRS 101, have been followed, subject to any
material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

+ Prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the
Company will continue in business.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain
the Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the
Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They
are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence, for taking reasonable steps for the
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also responsible for preparing a Strategic Report and

Directors’ Report, that comply with that law and those regulations. The Directors are responsible for the
maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on the Company’s website.

Page 6

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of ASDA Supermarkets Limited

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of ASDA Supermarkets Limited for the year ended 31 December 2022
which comprise Income Statement, the Balance Sheet, the Statement of Changes in Equity and the related notes
1 to 13, including a summary of significant accounting policies. The financial reporting framework that has
been applied in their preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards including FRS
101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework” (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

In our opinion, the financial statements:
+ give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 December 2022 and of its profit for
the year then ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice;
and

+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and

applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities

for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance

with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK, including the

FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these

requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.
Emphasis of matter - financial statements prepared on a basis other than going concern

We draw attention to note | to the financial statements which explains that trading has ceased and therefore, the
directors do not consider it to be appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the
financial statements. Accordingly, the financial statements have been prepared on a basis other than going
concern as described in note 1. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

Other information

The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The Directors are responsible for the other information contained
within the annual report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise
explicitly stated in this report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material
misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in the financial
statements themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of the other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Page 7

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of ASDA Supermarkets Limited (continued)

Opinion on other matter prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

+ the information given in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report for the financial year for which the
financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

+ the Strategic Report and Directors’ Report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the Company and its environment obtained in the course of
the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic Report or Directors' Report.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters where the Companies Act 2006 requires us to
report to you if, in our opinion:

+ adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received
from branches not visited by us; or

* the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
* certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.
Responsibilities of directors

As explained more fully in the Directors’ Responsibilities Statement set out on page 6, the Directors are
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair
view, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations,
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

Explanation as to what extent the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design
procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect irregularities, including fraud. The risk of
not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from
error, as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or
through collusion. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is
detailed below. However, the primary responsibility for the prevention and detection of fraud rests with both
those charged with governance of the entity and management.

+ We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that are applicable to the Company
and determined that the most significant frameworks directly relevant to specific assertions in the financial
statements are those that relate to the reporting framework (United Kingdom Accounting Standards
including FRS 101) and the relevant tax laws and regulations in the UK.

Page 8

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of ASDA Supermarkets Limited (continued)

* We understood how ASDA Supermarkets Limited is complying with those frameworks by making enquiries
of management, Legal & Compliance, and Group Internal Audit. We corroborated our enquiries through our
review of Group board minutes and similar papers of the Company and the Group and inspection of
commentary in the management accounts. We also considered the controls and processes management has in
place to monitor compliance.

+ We assessed the susceptibility of the Company’s financial statements to material misstatement, including
how fraud might occur by meeting with management to understand where it considered there was a
susceptibility to fraud. We considered the programmes and controls that the wider group has established to
address risks identified, or that otherwise prevent, deter and detect fraud; and how senior management
monitors those programmes and controls. Where the risk was considered to be higher, we performed audit
procedures to address each identified fraud risk. These procedures included testing manual journals and were
designed to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements were free from material fraud and
error.

* Based on this understanding we designed our audit procedures to identify non-compliance with such laws
and regulations. Our procedures involved journal entry testing on the full population of journals, with a
focus on manual journals, and journals indicating large or unusual transactions based on our understanding
of the business; enquiries of management, Legal & Compliance, and Group Internal Audit. In addition, we
completed procedures to conclude on the compliance of the disclosures in the financial statements with the
requirements of the relevant accounting standards, and UK legislation.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the Financial

Reporting Council’s website at https://www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of

our auditor’s report.

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s members
those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest
extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the
Company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Es by:
ste ong UP

-COFSSBOERSO94AC. .

Kate Jarman (Senior Statutory Auditor)

For and on behalf of Emst & Young LLP, Statutory Auditor
Leeds

31 July 2023
Date: .

Page 9

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Income Statement for the Year Ended 31 December 2022

Year Ended Year ended

31 December 31 December

2022 2021

Note £000 £000

Revenue : 642
Operating expenses 2 : (218

Operating profit - 424

Finance income 3 1,108 802

Finance expense 4 (98) (120)
Other income 5 : 38,011

Profit on ordinary activities before tax 1,010 39,117

Income tax 6 —_

Profit for the financial year 1,010 39,117

There were no other items of comprehensive income for the year (2021: £nil).

The results above are attributable to discontinued operations.

Page 10

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended 31 December 2022
Called up Retained

share capital earnings Total

Note £000 £000 £000

Balance at 1 January 2021 - 4111 4,111
Profit for the year : 39,117 39,117
Balance at 31 December 2021 = 43,228 43,228
Balance at 1 January 2022 - 43,228 43,228
Profit for the year 9 - 1,010 1,010
Dividend declared 12 : (44,238) __ (44,238)

Balance at 31 December 2022 : - -

Page IL

Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2022

(Registration number: 04144792)

Current assets
Trade and other receivables

Total assets

Equity and liabilities

Equity attributable to the shareholders
Called up share capital

Retained earnings

Total equity

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables

Total equity and liabilities

Note

Approved by the Board on 28 July 2023 and signed on its behalf by:

Director

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

31 December 31 December

2022 2021
£000 £000
: 45,501

- 45,501

: 43,228
- 43,228

: 2,273
- 45,501

Page 12

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2022

1 Accounting policies

Authorisation of financial statements

The financial statements of ASDA Supermarkets Limited for the year ended 31 December 2022 were authorised
for issue by the Board on 28 July 2023 and the Balance Sheet was signed on behalf of the Directors by M
Gleeson. The Company is incorporated and domiciled in England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006
(registration number 04144792).

Statement of compliance
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced

Disclosure Framework (FRS 101) and in accordance with historical cost convention, the Companies Act 2006
and applicable accounting standards.

Basis of preparation

The Company’s financial statements are presented in Sterling and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand
pounds (£'000), except where otherwise indicated. The presentational currency is also the Company's functional
currency.

Summary of significant accounting policies and key accounting estimates

The accounting policies below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied to all periods presented in these
financial statements.

Going concern

The Company previously earned rental income from its investment property. On 23 June 2021, this property
was disposed of and the Company ceased trading at this point. In accordance with IAS 1: Presentation and
Disclosure, these financial statements are prepared on a basis other than going concern to reflect the fact that
trading has ceased. Assets and liabilities continue to be carried at their recoverable amount in the year. Due to
the cessation of trade, assets and liabilities have been classified as current. During the year, the Company
declared a dividend to its immediate parent which was settled using intercompany receivable balances existing
at that date. The Company has no other assets or liabilities at that date and therefore, the carrying value of assets
and liabilities at the balance sheet date is £nil.

Changes in accounting policy

None of the standards, interpretations and amendments effective for the first time from 1 January 2022 have had
a material impact on the financial statements.

New standards, interpretations and amendments not yet effective

There are no issued but not yet effective standards, interpretations and amendments, which have not been
applied in these financial statements, that will or may have a material impact on the Company’s financial
statements in the future.

Page 13

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Summary of disclosure exemptions

The Company has taken advantage of the following disclosure exemptions under FRS 101:
* The requirements of IFRS 7 ‘Financial Instruments: Disclosures’;

* The requirements of paragraphs 91-99 of IFRS 13 ‘Fair Value Measurement’;

+ The requirement in paragraph 38 of IAS 1 ‘Presentation of Financial Statements’ to present comparative
information in respect of:
- Paragraph 79(a)(iv) of IAS 1

+ The requirements of paragraphs 10(d), 10(f), 16, 38A-D, 40A-D, 1 11 and 134-136 of IAS | ‘Presentation of
Financial Statements’;

+ The requirements of IAS 7 ‘Statement of Cash Flows’;

+ The requirements of paragraphs 30 and 31 of IAS 8 ‘Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates
and Errors’;

+ The requirements of paragraphs 17 and 18A of IAS 24 ‘Related Party Disclosures’; and

+ The requirements in IAS 24 ‘Related Party Disclosures’ to disclose related party transactions entered into
between two or more members of a group, provided that any subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is
wholly owned by such a member.

Where applicable, equivalent disclosures are included in the consolidated financial statements of Bellis Finco
PLC, in which the Company is consolidated.

Judgements, estimates and assumptions

Management are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies
and reported assets and liabilities, income and expenses, Judgements, estimates and assumptions are continually
evaluated and are based on historical experience and various other factors, including expectations of future
events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

There are no estimates and assumptions that are judged to have significant risk of causing a material adjustment
to the carrying value of assets and liabilities of the Company.
Revenue

Revenue is entirely earned in the UK and represents amounts charged on an accruals basis in respect of rents
charged to other group companies for the use of investment properties. Amounts are recognised exclusive of
value added tax.

Finance income and costs
Finance income is recognised on an accruals basis, monthly and is annually compounded.

Finance costs are recognised on an accruals basis, monthly and on a compound basis.
Other income

Other income represents gains on the sale of investment properties. In accordance with IFRS 15, the transfer of
properties for proceeds is considered a sale.

Gain on sale of properties is calculated as fair value of proceeds less net book value of properties sold.

Page 14

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
Impairment of non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the Company’s non-financial assets are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date to
determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the asset’s recoverable
amount is estimated.

An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs to sell and its value in use and is
determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash flows that are largely independent
from those of other assets or groups of assets. Where the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable
amount, the asset is considered to be impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. In assessing value
in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time-value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Impairment
losses on continuing operations are recognised in the Income Statement in those expense categories consistent
with the function of the impaired asset.

Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units (“CGU”) are allocated to reduce the carrying
amount of the non-current assets in the unit on a pro-rata basis. A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of
assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of
assets.

An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been
recognised.

Leases

The determination of whether an arrangement is, or contains, a lease is based on the substance of the
arrangement at inception date and whether the fulfillment of the arrangement is dependent on the use of a
specific asset or assets or the arrangement conveys a right to use the asset.

The Company as a lessor

Where the Company owns the freehold, assets are included in investment properties and depreciated over their
useful economic lives. Rental income from operating leases, including the effect of lease incentives, is
recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

The Company had one internal lessee during the prior year, another Group company. The Company does not let
to third parties.

Page 15

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)
Trade and other receivables

The Company’s loans and receivables, including amounts owed by fellow subsidiaries of the ultimate parent
company, are held with the sole objective of collecting contractual cash flows and are therefore, carried at
amortised cost.

Prior to the settlement during the year, amounts receivable from group undertakings were interest bearing
(3.45%), unsecured, repayable in 2026 and measured at amortised cost. The amounts receivable from group
undertakings were classified as current due to the Company ceasing trading during the prior year and the
financial statements were prepared on a basis other than going concern to reflect this. In accordance with IAS 1:
Presentation and Disclosure, all assets and liabilities have been classified as current.

Receivables and payables are offset and the net amount reported in the Balance Sheet only when there is a
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or
realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. Net interest receivable or payable is charged and settled
on the net balance.

Trade and other payables

Prior to the settlement during the year, trade and other payables, other than intercompany loans, were not
interest bearing and were stated at their nominal value. Intercompany payables were interest bearing (6%),
unsecured and repayable on demand.

Receivables and payables are offset and the net amount reported in the Balance Sheet only when there is a
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or
realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. Net interest receivable or payable is charged and settled
on the net balance.

Taxation

Taxation comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the Income Statement except to the extent that
it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
substantively enacted at the Balance Sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is recognised in respect of all timing differences that have originated but not reversed at the
Balance Sheet where transactions or events have occurred at the date that will result in an obligation to pay
more, or a right to pay less tax, with the following exceptions:

+ provision is made for tax on gains arising from the revaluation (and similar fair value adjustments) of
non-current assets, and gains on disposal of non-current assets that have been rolled over into replacement
assets, only to the extent that, at the Balance Sheet date, there is a binding agreement to dispose of the assets
concerned. However, no provision is made where, on the basis of all available evidence at the Balance Sheet
date, it is more likely than not that the taxable gain will be rolled over into replacement assets and charged to
tax only where the replacement assets are sold; and

+ deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that the Directors consider that it is more likely than not
that there will be suitable taxable profits from which the future reversal of the underlying timing differences
can be deducted.

Deferred tax is measured on an undiscounted basis at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the periods in
which timing differences reverse, based on tax rates and laws enacted or substantively enacted at the Balance
Sheet date.

Page 16

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 (continued)

2 Operating expenses
The operating profit is stated after charging the following:

Year ended Year ended

31 December 31 December

2022 2021

£000 £000

Depreciation on investment property - 212
Management fee expense - 6

- 218

The Directors did not receive any remuneration for their qualifying services as statutory directors of the
Company during the year (2021: £nil).

Other than the Directors, the Company has no employees (2021: nil).

The Company's audit costs of £953 (2021: £953) are borne by ASDA Stores Limited.

3 Finance income

Year ended Year ended

31 December 31 December

2022 2021

£000 £000

Intercompany interest receivable 1,108 802
4 Finance expense

Year ended Year ended

31 December 31 December

2022 2021

£000 £000

Intercompany interest payable 98 120

Page 17

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 (continued)

5S Other income

The analysis of the Company's other income for the year is as follows:

Year ended Year ended

31 December 31 December

2022 2021

£000 £000

Gain on sale of investment property : 38,011

On 23 June 2021, the Company sold its freehold property at fair value to a related party, Bellis Select
Warehouse Limited (BSWL).

In accordance with IFRS 15, it was determined that the transfer of the distribution property to BSWL for
proceeds of £44,207,000 is considered a sale. The assets sold to BSWL had a net book value of £6,196,000 and
the Company recognised a gain on the sale of £38,01 1,000 during the prior year.

6 Income tax

Corporation tax for the period arises as follows:

Year ended Year ended
31 December 31 December
2022 2021
£000 £000
Current tax
UK corporation tax on profit for the year : :

Current tax charge for the year : =

Page 18

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 (continued)

6 Income tax (continued)

A reconciliation of the current tax charge compared to the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK of 19%
(2021: 19%) applied to the profit on ordinary activities before tax is as follows:

Year ended Year ended

31 December 31 December

2022 2021

£000 £000

Profit before tax 1,010 39,117

Corporation tax at standard rate 192 7,432
Effects of:

Non-qualifying depreciation - 40

Profit on sale of non-qualifying fixed assets : (7,222)

Losses surrendered from Group company for no payment (192) 250)

Total tax charge for the year pe

The standard rate of corporation tax in the United Kingdom for the year is 19% (2021: 19%).

On 3 March 2021, it was announced in the UK Budget that the standard rate of corporation tax in the United
Kingdom will increase to 25% on 1 April 2023, and this rate change was substantively enacted in May 2021.

Deferred tax

There have been no timing differences giving rise to either a deferred tax asset or liability in the Company in the
current or preceding year.

7 Trade and other receivables
31 December 31 December

2022 2021
£000 £000
Intercompany receivables : 45,501

: 45,501

During the prior year, the Company transferred the proceeds received from the disposal of its freehold property
(see note 5) to a fellow wholly-owned subsidiary of ultimate parent, resulting in an interest-bearing
intercompany receivable.

During the year to 31 December 2022, non-current intercompany receivables decreased primarily as a result of
the Company declaring a dividend to its immediate parent (see note 12).

Page 19

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements.
31 December 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 (continued)

8 Called up share capital

Allotted, called up and fully paid
Ordinary shares of £1 each

No. £
At 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 1

Authorised share capital as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 is 1,000 shares at a value of £1 per
share.

9 Reserves

Reconciliation of movement in reserves is as follows:

Retained

earnings

£000

At | January 2022 43,228
Profit for the year 1,010
Dividend declared (44,238)
At 31 December 2022 =

10 Trade and other payables
31 December 31 December

2022 2021
. £000 £000
Intercompany payables - 2,273

11 Related party transactions

As a wholly owned subsidiary, the Company has taken advantage of the exemption in paragraph 8(k) of FRS
101 not to disclose transactions with fellow wholly owned subsidiaries of the Bellis Finco PLC group.

Yearended = Year ended
31 December 31 December

2022 2021
Transactions recognised through Income Statement £000 £000
Gain on sale of distribution properties to Bellis Select Warehouse Limited’ - 38,011
Interest receivable on loans to Bellis Midco 2 Limited 1,108 802

The following balances were in place with related parties at the reporting date.

Page 20

ASDA Supermarkets Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2022

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 (continued)

11 Related party transactions (continued)

Year ended Year ended

31 December 31 December

2022 2021

Outstanding receivables on Balance Sheet £000 £000
Receivables due from Bellis Midco 2 Limited” = 45,501

'See note 9 of the Bellis Finco PLC Financial Statements for the period ended 31 December 2021 for further
details of the sale-and-leaseback transaction.

2This relates primarily to the sale of distribution properties to Bellis Select Warehouse Limited for a five-year
promissory note. The payable due to ASDA Supermarkets Limited were novated to Bellis Midco 2 Limited on
31 December 2021.

12 Dividends declared

On 16 September 2022, a dividend of £44,238,000 (2021: £nil) was declared to the immediate parent
undertaking and left outstanding as an intercompany payable. The intercompany payable was settled by
transferring intercompany receivables to the immediate parent company with a book value equal to the amount
of the dividend.

13 Parent undertaking and controlling party
The immediate parent undertaking is ASDA Stores Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales.
The smallest group at which consolidated financial statements are prepared is ASDA Group Limited. Copies of

these financial statements are available from the registered office, ASDA House, South Bank, Great Wilson
Street, Leeds, LS11 SAD.

The largest group at which consolidated financial statements are prepared is Bellis Finco PLC, a company
incorporated in England and Wales. Bellis Finco PLC's registered office is Waterside Head Office, Haslingden
Road, Guide, Blackburn, BB1 2FA.

At the date of approval of the financial statements, the ultimate parent company is Bellis Topco Limited, which
is incorporated in Jersey and is jointly controlled by the Issa brothers and TDR Capital LLP.

Page 21
