ASDA Stores Limited
Annual Report Financial Statements

ecember 2024

i HM

*AEAPVILA®
09/09/2025 #192
COMPANIES House

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Contents
Company Information.......

Strategic Report......

Directors’ Report...

Statement of Directors’ Responsibi
KPMG LLP’s Independent Auditor’s Report......

ies «...

Income Statement ..

Statement of Comprehensive Income.

Balance Sheet...

Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements...

Page 2

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Company Information

Directors

Company secretary

Registered office

Auditor

M Issa (resigned 19 December 2024)

Z Issa (resigned 31 October 2024)

M Gleeson

H Selby (appointed 23 May 2025)

D Hills (appointed 11 November 2024, resigned 23 May 2025)
H Tatum (appointed 16 December 2024, resigned 11 April 2025)

H Selby

Asda House

Great Wilson Street
Leeds

England
LS115AD

KPMG LLP

15 Canada Square
Canary Wharf
E14 SGL

Page 3

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Strategic Report

The Directors present their strategic report for ASDA Stores Limited (‘the Company” or “Asda”) for
the year ended 31 December 2024. ASDA Stores Limited is the principal trading subsidiary of the Bellis
Finco ple group of companies (“the Group”).

About Asda

Company Background
Asda is a British retailer headquartered in Leeds, UK.

With roots dating back to a family business in the 1920’s in West Yorkshire, today Asda and the Group
serves over 20 million customers each week through over 1,200 stores and food service sites and
¢.140,000 colleagues.

Our primary operations include the sales of groceries, clothing, general merchandise and fuel through
our large format and convenience stores, and online through Asda.com and George.com. We also offer
a range of other services including food services, Asda Money, Asda Mobile, Pharmacy and Optical
Services.

Asda was the first UK grocer to open a clothing range in its stores, with the George brand introduced
into our supermarkets in 1990. Today George is a fixture of the British high street.

Our Ownership
Asda is owned and controlled by TDR Capital LLP, a UK Limited Liability Partnership registered in
England and Wales, with a minority shareholding held by Mohsin Issa.

TDR Capital LLP is a leading private equity firm with approximately €15 billion of assets under
management, managing capital on behalf of institutional, government and private investors worldwide.
It typically acquires majority stakes in strong, market leading European businesses and partners with
them to develop and grow their operations. TDR Capital LLP works in partnership with management
to hamess opportunities together through board representation and professional support. TDR has an
experienced team of investment professionals and operating partners and has a low-volume investment
strategy based on principles developed by the investment team over the past decade.

Mohsin Issa is a co-founder of EG Group, a leading global petro! forecourt retail convenience operator
founded from a single petrol forecourt in Bury, Lancashire in 2001.

Page 4

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Our Purpose and Strategy

Our purpose is to be the UK’s best fresh food and clothing superstore by satisfying the daily and weekly
shopping needs of ordinary people and their families who demand value.

It is the reason we exist and defines what we aim to deliver for our customers.

Our strategy is the means by which we will achieve our purpose. Following the appointment of Allan
Leighton as Executive Chairman of the Group, we have refocused around seven key areas all brought
together under a framework we call the formula for growth.

1. Offering 5 — 10% better value to our customers;

2. Asda ranged, always available, ensuring that our customers can buy the products they want, where
and when they need them;

3. Providing stunning fresh food by leveraging IPL, our produce sourcing and cooked meats
processing operation, to give us an advantage in freshness and quality;

4. Giving our customers 25% unmatchable mix by providing an unbeatable proposition, including
in store services such as cafés, food service, pharmacy and optical;

5. Delivering a serious clothing offer to our customers through our George brand;

6. Ensuring our products are sold and served with personality, creating a positive environment in
stores; and

7. Offering truly different stores and channels by focusing our store refresh programme on the areas
that matter the most to our customers.

Truly different
stores and
channels

Offering
5-10%
Better Value

Sold & served
with
personality

Asdaranged,
always
available

Aserious
clothing
offer

Stunning

fresh food

Page 5

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Our Values

Our values are the behaviours and ways of working that make us Asda. They demonstrate that we put
customers at the heart of everything we do, always striving to do better for them, working together as
one team. We have six values:

© Weare all colleagues, together one team

¢ What we sell is better value

¢ Selling is our universal responsibility

© Through selling we make our service legendary
© We hate waste of any kind

© We each need to improve the business every day

Page 6

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Our Business Model

We create value in our business through four key operational steps: plan, buy, move, sell, shown on the
diagram below. All parts of our business are directly or indirectly aligned to achieve one of these
outcomes.

Buy

Plan

© Our supply, logistics and retail teams
plan what products we need and where
and when we need them, working with
customer insight teams to ensure we’re
always responding to evolving customer
needs.

« We work closely with over 3,500 active
suppliers for branded and own brand goods
to offer our customers value, quality and
choice.

¢ Around 7% of our buying by value is
conducted through our wholly owned
subsidiary group, International
Procurement and Logistics Ltd (IPL),
which sources goods including fresh fruit
and vegetables, flowers, cooked meats,
and wines.

e We aim to reduce our overall purchasing
costs to deliver best value for customers.

Sell

© We sell our products through our
network of 1,200 stores*, encompassing
large superstores, smaller supermarkets,
Asda Express convenience sites, food
service sites, and online through
Asda.com and George.com.

« Around 85% of our sales excluding fuel
in FY24 were in grocery, with the vast
majority of the remainder in George
clothing and general merchandise.

* 124,000 colleagues work in store to
deliver great service for our customers.

* Online grocery orders are delivered
direct to customers’ homes by our home
shopping fleet of 3,380 vans, or collected
by customers through click & collect.

e We have recently relaunched Rollback to
restore our Asda Price DNA to support
our sales strategy and volume growth
targets.

—]

Move

« We operate our own logistics network,
Asda Logistics Services (ALS), with two
hubs and two deconsolidation centres
serving 26 depots across the UK.

« Suppliers send goods to hubs, depots or
direct to store.

¢ Our fleet of c. 1,200 vehicles and 13,000
colleagues make sure goods are available
daily across our stores and for online
orders, making 17,000 deliveries to
stores each week and 780,000 online
order deliveries each week.

* The Company operated out of 635 of these stores during the ycar. The remaining stores are operated by Asda Express Limited and Arthur Foodstores Limited.

Page 7


ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Key Performance Indicators

The Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”) provided in the tables below and on page 9 are those against
which the Group measures its performance on an ongoing basis.

IFRS Financial Measures

FY24 FY23
Revenue £23,774m £24,631m
Operating (loss)/profit (£571m) £514m
(Loss)/profit before tax (£834m) £217m
(Loss)/profit after tax (£763m) £165m

Discussion of each of these measures is included in the Financial Review section from page 10 below.

Alternative Performance Measures

Further KPIs presented below are not required by or presented in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards (known as Alternative Performance Measures, "APMs"). The APMs
included do not alone provide a sufficient basis to compare the Company's performance with that of
other companies and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an equivalent IFRS
measure (if applicable) or any other generally accepted measure as an indicator of operating
performance or liquidity. Such APMs are unaudited. Where applicable, reconciliations are provided
below to reconcile the APMs to captions shown on the face of the primary statements.

The Directors believe that these APMs assist in providing additional useful information on the trends,
performance and position of the Company, and are consistent with how management views the business
for internal reporting, analysis, planning and decision-making.

Further APMs are disclosed relevant to the performance of the Bellis Finco PLC Group (the “Group”),
in which the Company is included, are included in the Annual Report and Financial Statements of Bellis
Finco PLC, which are available from the registered office of that Company: Asda House, Southbank,
Great Wilson Street, Leeds, LS11 SAD.

Page 8

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Metric Definition FY24 FY23
Revenue ex- Total sales (excluding VAT) excluding fuel £21,234m £21,616m
fuel

Year on year Year on year total sales (excluding VAT) excluding fuel (1.8)% 5.8%
revenue ex-fuel_ growth as a percentage.

growth

Non-Financial KPIs

The Company also considers a number of key non-financial measures to track its performance, shown
in the table below.

Unaudited FY24 FY23
Kantar FMCG Grocery Panel ~ Grocery 10.3% 11.4%
market share!

Number of in-store transactions

(thousands)? 840,200 874,899
Online sales participation? 17.5% 16.9%
Asda Rewards active customer numbers‘ 5.7m 5.7m
Asda Rewards participation> 56% 49%

Discussion of each of these KPIs in the context of FY24 performance is included within the Financial
Review section from page 10 below.

In addition to grocery data, a range of other Kantar market data metrics is reviewed and tracked routinely
on a category basis. The Company also tracks market data from other private sources, customer
satisfaction surveys and supplier surveys. Please refer to the customer and supplier sections below for
further information.

' Kantar week FMCG grocery panel, grocery market share, 12 weeks ending 29 December 2024 and 24 December 2023 respectively (excludes
stores from acquisitions)

2 Total number of individual transactions in-store during the year (excludes transactions at stores from acquisitions)

} Sales through online and click and collect channels as a proportion of sales excluding fuel (excludes sales through stores from acquisitions)

“ Number of customers using Asda Rewards in the last 13 weeks, as at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023 (excludes customers at stores
from acquisitions)

5 Proportion of sales linked to Asda Rewards, December 2024 and December 2023 (excludes stores from acquisitions)

Page 9

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Financial Review
Summary

FY24 was an important year for the Bellis Finco PLC Group, which includes this Company, as we
completed the conversion and integration of the Euro Garages UK (Project America) and Co-op (Project
Arthur) acquisitions to the Asda Express format and made significant progress in the implementation
of our new IT infrastructure — Project Future. .

In Project Future we are delivering a best-in-class technology stack and unlocking breakthrough
advancements in Food Retail data analytics. Approaching the end of the programme, we have already
delivered significant technology enhancements in all depots and home offices. We are now progressing
at pace with the implementation of SAP inventory management in all our large stores.

The Asda business will be stronger and fit for the future as a result of the transformation progress made
in FY24,

During the year we invested significantly into colleague pay and additional hours in store to improve
customer experience, whilst continuing to enhance our quality credentials through the launch of
Exceptional, our new premium food tier, and continuing to leverage our IPL sourcing business across
fresh produce and meat.

Our George clothing business continues to perform well, with sales flat YoY despite the drag from
lower sales and footfall in the core food business.

Further detail of performance in the year is discussed below.

Revenue
Revenue ex-fuel was £21,234m in FY24 (FY23: £21,616m), year on year decline of 1.8% (FY23: growth
of 5.8%).

Revenue including fuel of £23,774m was £857m lower than the prior year (FY23: £24,631m). The
decrease is driven by a decrease in food and fuel sales.

Ex-fuel sales comprise food, clothing and general merchandise. C. 85% of ex-fuel revenue in FY24
related to food (FY23: 86%). Ex-fuel revenue reduced across both food and non-food.

Ex-fuel sales were impacted across the year by challenging on-shelf availability, weakness in our
customer experience and in our price position against our competitors.

By the end of FY24 availability had started to recover through better supplier collaboration, improved
depot picking and delivery accuracy, and investment into additional replenishment hours in store. Our
price position is now more competitive and in early 2025 we have accelerated our investment into
‘Rollback’ pricing to restore ‘Asda Price’ DNA. We have invested over £40m of payroll into additional
store hours in the second half of 2024 to ensure more colleagues on the shop floor and to open more
checkouts throughout the week. As a result,. we are -starting to see improvements in customer
satisfaction.

Food

Asda did experience a decline in grocery market share in its legacy estate according to Kantar, holding
10.3% as at December 2024 (December 2023: 11.4%°). However, the declines in market share have
stabilised and our food business is benefitting from the recent improvements in availability, customer
satisfaction and our price position.

6 Kantar FMCG grocery panel, grocery market share, 12 weeks ended 29 December 2024 and 24 December 2023 respectively
Page 10

ASDA Stores Limited
Reportsand Financial Statements
31 December 2024

We remain confident that the underlying financial strength of the group provides a platform to return to
sales growth in food and to stabilise market share in 2025. Our Formula for Growth which was launched
in QI 2025 marks the return to a clear, straight-forward strategy which plays to Asda’s established
strengths and value credentials.

Non-food

Non-food revenue comprises sales of clothing and general merchandise, predominantly generated from
Asda’s legacy store estate, and accounted for c.14% of the Company’s sales ex-fuel in FY24. Clothing
sales remained consistent year on year on a like-for-like basis, and general merchandise sales decreased
by 3.7% like-for-like in 2024. During the year, the non-food business overall grew 0.5% pts ahead of
the market’. Non-food is a key asset to the Group and delivers relatively higher margins compared to
the food business. Trading was resilient during the year against the backdrop of a more challenging non-
food market.

Asda’s George clothing business is the third largest UK clothing retailer by volume, and in FY24 we
held the largest market share in children’s wear in terms of volume, supported by our market leadership
in school wear and baby wear®. George is a leading name in UK apparel retail and continues to be a key
differentiator for our customers with its brand resonance.

Despite being impacted by lower footfall to our core food business, overall we remain pleased with the
performance of Non-Food.

We had clean and profitable exits from all seasonal ranges, despite our General Merchandise Outdoor
categories being impacted by the unseasonally wet summer. Disciplined execution and supply
management minimised clearance markdown and maximised full price sales, improving margins and
lowering inventory through the year.

Online

Online sales comprise Asda.com grocery sales and non-food sales through George.com. Online grocery
sales performed relatively better than the core food business, declining 0.5% YoY. George.com non-
food sales grew by 4.6% in FY24. Online is a key element of Asda’s omnichannel retail offering,
fostering strong customer loyalty and typically larger spend per basket. The proportion of sales made
through online delivery and click and collect orders grew in FY24 to 17.5% (FY23: 16.9%).

Fuel

Fuel sales of £2,540m were 16% lower than the prior year (FY23: £3,015m). This is due to a market
driven reduction in average selling price per litre of fuel.

TNIQ, 52 weeks ended 29 December 2024
* Kantar clothing 24 weeks ended 5 January 2025
Page 11

ASDA Stores Limited
Reportsand Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Operating Loss/Profit

Operating loss was £571m (FY23: operating profit of £514m). The operating loss in FY24 includes a
net impairment charge of £658m (FY23: net impairment reversal of £352m). Additionally, costs
incurred in the year relating to the Company’s investment in Project Future were £309m (FY23:
£241m). Costs incurred related to this project included research spend, design and build costs relating
to IT infrastructure and software-as-a-service solutions which cannot be capitalised, consultancy costs
incurred in relation to the management of the programme, run costs relating to standalone systems where
equivalent legacy Walmart systems are still in use by the business, and costs of interim software solutions
which do not meet the criteria of the Group’s policy to capitalise (see Note 1 Accounting Policies for
further detail). Further drivers of the operating loss were restructuring costs of £27m (FY23: £nil) as a
result of a Home Office restructure.

Interest
Finance Income

Finance income increased from £184m in FY23 to £208m in FY24, primarily due to an increase in
interest receivable on amounts due from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent,
partially offset by a decrease in dividend income from subsidiary undertakings.

Finance Costs

Finance costs were £471m, compared to £48 1m in the prior year. This is primarily driven by a decrease
in interest payable on amounts owed to fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent.

Loss/Profit Before Tax

Loss before tax of £834m (FY23: profit before tax £217m) was a deterioration of £1,051m on the prior
year, reflecting the operating loss arising from the net impairment charge recorded in the year versus a
net impairment reversal in the prior year and higher Project Future costs in FY24.

Taxation

Income tax was a credit of £71m in FY24 compared to a charge in FY23 of £52m.

Net Profit/Loss

A net loss of £763m (FY23: net profit £165m) was a deterioration of £928m compared to FY23. This
is due to factors explained above.

Page 12

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Balance Sheet

The Company had net assets of £2.4bn as at 31 December 2024 (FY23: £3.1bn), which included
principally:

¢ £14.4bn of non-current assets including PPE, right-of-use assets, investments in subsidiaries, intangible

assets and amounts due from wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent;

«Negative net working capital of £(1.5)bn, including £1.2bn of inventory and £2.7bn of trade,
other receivables and amounts due from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate
parent and derivative assets, offset by £(5.3)bn of trade, other payables and amounts owed to
fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent, derivative liabilities and £(0.2)bn of
provisions

© £(10.4)bn lease liabilities;
Key movements in the balance sheet between 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023 include:

© Decrease in right-of-use assets of £854m, primarily attributed to £433m of depreciation charged
and £458m of impairment charged;

e Decrease in property, plant and equipment of £312m, primarily attributed to £312m of
depreciation charged, £200m of impairment charged and £44m disposals, partially offset by
£244m of additions;

«eA decrease in lease liabilities of £229m;

«An increase in non-current amounts receivable from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
ultimate parent of £115m, driven by accrued interest;

¢ An increase in trade, other receivables, amounts due from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of
the ultimate parent and derivative assets of £346m, driven predominantly by an increase in
current amounts receivable from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent.

Liquidity

The Group, which includes this Company, is a highly cash generative business and has access to
liquidity in the form of cash on balance sheet and a revolving credit facility (RCF) of £793m. This was
extended from £667m as part of our refinancing activities, which are detailed further in the Key
Principal Decisions section of the 2024 Bellis Finco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements.

The Company also benefits from supply chain finance facilities which enable suppliers participating in
the programme to receive payment sooner than our standard payment terms. The facility is at no cost to
the Company. Please refer to Note 21 for further information about this.

Page 13

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Outlook: Trends and Factors Affecting Future Development

The UK grocery market continues to be highly competitive in the face of a range of challenging
macroeconomic factors, including the increase in employer’s National Insurance contributions from
April 2025, the introduction of extended producer responsibility (EPR), economic uncertainty and
geopolitical instability. Asda has remained highly resilient in the face of these challenges and has kept
focused on supporting both customers with cost-of- living pressures through initiatives such as the re-
introduction of ‘Rollback’ pricing to restore ‘Asda Price’ DNA, and also colleagues through investment
into colleague hours and pay, whilst continuing to deliver strong financial results.

The Company expects the UK food and non-food markets to remain resilient into 2025. There is
uncertainty in the face of conflict in both Europe and the Middle East which is likely to continue to
impact consumer confidence and commodity prices. Asda remains focused on providing our strong
value offering in food, non-food and fuel to enable us to serve customers on any type of budget,
extending our ability to do so through our expansion into convenience whereby we can offer value to a
greater number of communities in new locations.

Online retail will benefit from investments in technology, resulting in enhanced search capabilities and
user experiences. Quick commerce will further extend its coverage and range, while also benefiting
from increased disposable income and a growing customer base.

With an already significant online fulfillment capacity, Asda is well positioned to benefit from these
fast-growing UK grocery retail channels.

Events since the Balance Sheet Date
Re-financing activities on 1 July 2025:

On | July 2025, Bellis Acquisition Company PLC (“BAC”) — an intermediate holding company of the
Company — issued €700m of 8.0% Eurobonds maturing in July 2031, of which the Company is a
guarantor.

On the same date, BAC repaid £302m of February 2026 senior secured notes and Bellis Finco PLC
(“BFC”) repaid £500m of February 2027 senior unsecured notes. The Company was a guarantor of both
of these instruments at the Balance Sheet date.

Security pledged assets:

On 1 July 2025, Asda Stores Limited, entered into, amongst others, a supplemental security agreement
to a security agreement originally dated 12 February 2021 as amended, supplemented from time to time
and to the relevant material real property charge as amended and/or supplemented from time to time
(the “Existing Security Agreement”) as part of the issuance of the €700m 8.0% Senior Secured Notes
due July 2031 and which were issued by an intermediate parent company (Bellis Acquisition Company
PLC). The supplemental security agreement confirms the security interests created under the Existing
Security Agreement, and creates lower ranking security interests over the same assets under the Existing
Security Agreement which include Material Bank Accounts, Assigned Agreements, Real Property in
England and Wales and an all-asset floating charge to secure their obligations under those instruments.

Asda Express Limited and Arthur Foodstores Limited trade and assets transfer

Subsequent to the year end, a decision was made by the executive board of Bellis Finco PLC, to transfer
the trade and assets from Asda Express Limited and Arthur Foodstores Limited to Asda Stores Limited.
This transaction is expected to complete within Q3 2025, subject to consultation.

Page 14

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Reconciliation of IFRS to Non-IFRS Measures

Reconciliation of revenue to revenue ex-fuel

FY24 FY23
Unaudited
Revenue 23,774 24,631
Fuel (2,540) (3,015)
Revenue ex-fuel 21,234 21,616
% (decrease)/increase (1.8)% 5.8%

Page 15

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Governance

The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018 applies to companies of a certain size to
make a statement in the Directors’ Report summarising the corporate governance arrangements applied
by the company. Asda Stores Limited (“the Company”) qualifies for this disclosure and as such, an
outline of governance arrangements is provided below.

Governance Framework

The governance framework of the Bellis Finco PLC Group (“the Group”) — of which the Company is
the principal trading subsidiary - has continued to evolve since the Group’s acquisition of the Company’s
immediate parent company — Asda Group Limited — in February 2021. The governance framework is
summarised below in the context of the Wates Principles, the corporate governance framework
published by the Financial Reporting Council in 2018.

Principle One: Purpose and Leadership

Purpose
Our purpose is to be the UK’s best fresh food and clothing superstore by satisfying the daily and weekly
shopping needs of ordinary people and their families who demand value.

Values and Culture
There are six values which are the behaviours and ways of working that make us Asda. Please refer to
the Our Values section above for further information.

We aim to create an inclusive and diverse culture. Refer to the Our Colleagues section below for further
detail of how we do this.

Strategy

The Company has seven strategic priorities which support the delivery of our purpose, focused around
pace, motivation and simplicity. Please refer to the Our Purpose and Strategy section on page 5 for
further information.

Principle Two: Board Composition

The Company is ultimately governed by the board of directors of an indirect parent company of Bellis
Finco PLC - Bellis Topco 2 Limited (“the Board”). The Board comprises six directors and meets
regularly to facilitate monitoring and oversight of the operations, performance and key decisions of the
Company and the Group. Details of the Board are provided in the table below and includes those who
served during the year-ended 31 December 2024.

Page 16

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements

31 December 2024
Name and role Appointment Career and experience
date
Allan Leighton November 2024 Allan started his career at Mars Confectionery as a Salesman in 1974.
— Executive He worked his way up through the company before leaving in 1991.
Chairman Allan then joined Pedigree Petfoods, where he was Sales Director

until his appointment in 1992 to Asda Stores Ltd.

He began his. career in Asda as Group Marketing Director and was
appointed Chief Executive in 1996. There he was credited with a
successful turn-around of the business in the mid-late nineties and
oversaw the acquisition of the business by Wal-Mart in 1999. In
November 1999 Allan also became the President and CEO of Wal-
Mart Europe.

In November 2000, Allan left Asda as he took on a number of non-
executive roles at high-profile companies including Royal Mail, Co-
Op, Dyson and lastminute.com. Allan also spent time in Canada, as
President of Loblaw Companies Ltd (Canada’s largest Food retailer).

Allan rejoined Asda as Executive Chairman in November 2024.

Lord Stuart Rose December 2021

- Non-Executive
Director

(resigned March
2025)

Stuart possesses a wealth of retail and business experience, having
been a Chair, board director and Chief Executive of many of the
UK’s biggest retailers, including Marks & Spencer. He joined Marks
& Spencer as a management trainee in 1972 and returned in 2004 as
CEO and then went on to become Executive Chair. Stuart has also
held executive roles at the Burton Group, Argos, Booker and
Arcadia.

His non-executive career included roles at Woolworth Holdings SA
and Ocado, where he spent seven years as Chairperson between 2013
and 2020. Stuart is also currently Chair of Zenith Automotive and
EG Group. He was knighted in 2008 for services to the retail industry
and corporate social responsibility and granted a life peerage in
August 2014.

Stuart was appointed to the Board as Non-Executive Chairman in
December 2021 and in September 2024 was appointed Executive
Chairman. Stuart stepped down as Executive Chairman in November
2024 on the appointment of Allan Leighton, and remained as a Non-
Executive director until his resignation from the Board on 31 March
2025.

Gary Lindsay -
Director

September 2020

Managing Partner of TDR Capital LLP. Gary joined TDR Capital in
June 2008 and is Managing Partner of the firm. Prior to joining TDR,
he worked at Citi and Bear Stearns.

Gary received a master’s degree in Finance with distinction from the
University of Strathclyde and a Master’s degree in Chemistry, with
first class honours, from the University of Edinburgh.

Page 17

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Robert Hattrell— December 2023
Director

Partner and Head of Digital at TDR Capital LLP. Rob joined TDR
Capital in September 2022 as Head of Digital. Prior to TDR, he was
Senior Vice President for eBay Europe in charge of the European
business strategy and operations. Prior to eBay, Rob spent 7 years at
Tesco in various roles including leading the General Merchandise
business and as UK’s Chief Information Officer. Rob began his
career at Accenture where he focused on_ technology-led
transformation projects for retail clients globally.

He holds a bachelor’s degree in Geography from Oxford University.

Minority shareholder of Bellis Topco Limited, indirect parent of
the Company. Mohsin is a resourceful business leader who has been a
major driving force behind the growth and development of EG
Group, a leading global petrol forecourt retail convenience operator,
including being actively involved in negotiations with major brand
partners, capital raising and financing transactions. Mohsin is also
the Co-Founder of EG Group, which now has more than 6,200 sites
in 10 countries after launching from a single petrol forecourt in Bury,
Lancashire, in 2001.

Prior to EG Group, Mohsin held senior leadership roles at various Issa
family businesses. Mohsin was honoured in the Queen’s Birthday
Honours List 2020 for his contribution to business and charity.

Mohsin stepped down as a Director of Asda Stores Limited on 19
December 2024. He continues to be a Director and member of the Board
of Bellis Topco 2 Limited.

Previously Co-Owner of Bellis Topco Limited, indirect parent of the
Company. Zuber is a natural leader and versatile strategist who has
spearheaded the growth of EG Group, including actively leading on
introducing its new-to-industry sites, site investment and
development, and Group operations.

Prior to EG Group, Zuber established a number of enterprises
including a chain of newsagents in busy mall locations in the north-
west of England.

Zuber resigned as a Director of Bellis Topco 2 Limited and Asda
Stores Limited and stepped down from the Board in October 2024.

Mohsin Issa — September 2020

Director

Zuber Issa — October 2020

Director (resigned
October 2024)

Dame Alison December 2021

Carnwath —Non- (resigned March
Executive Director 2025)

and Chair of

Audit Committee

Dame Alison has a strong track record as a Non-Executive Director
of some of the UK’s leading companies, including as Chairperson of
Land Securities, a position which she held for 10 years before
retiring in 2018. She has also served as a Director on the boards of
BP, Friends Provident, Gallaher, Barclays and Man Group among
others, and as Chair of the Audit Committee at Zurich Insurance.
Dame Alison was Chair of the Audit Committee during the year and
continued in this role until the end of March 2025. Dame Alison is
an Independent Non-Executive Director at EG Group and her current
roles also include Director of Coller Capital and Non-Executive
Director at Paccar, a NASDAQ-listed Fortune 500 company, and
Trustee of the Economist Group. She is a former member of the UK.
Takeover Panel and was named a Dame in the 2014 New Years’
Honours for her services to business.

Page 18

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements

31 December 2024
Dame Alison resigned as Chair of the Audit Committee and as a Non-
Executive Director of the Board on 31 March 2025 and is succeeded
in these roles by Jo Whitfield.

Courtney Naudo
- Director

September 2023

Chief People Officer for Walmart International. Courtney supports
Walmart’s 500,000 associates across the 18 countries where
Walmart operates outside the United States. Courtney also served as
the SVP of Strategic Portfolio Management supporting the delivery
of strategic initiatives, partnerships, and corporate development
activities across the international portfolio of businesses. She joined
Walmart as the VP of International Technology, leading product and
engineering teams to deliver technology solutions for
Merchandising, Back Office, Global Sourcing, and Operations.
Before joining Walmart in 2019, Courtney was a Partner at Deloitte
Consulting, having almost 20 years’ experience in global
management consulting and corporate finance advisory.

Jo Whitfield —
Non-Executive
Director

April 2025

Jo was appointed to the Board as a Non-Executive Director and Chair
of the Audit Committee on 1 April 2025, succeeding Dame Alison
Carnwath.

Jo began her career at Ernst & Young and worked in finance roles for
companies including Northern Foods and Matalan. She spent eight
years with Asda and George from 2008 onwards, holding a number of
senior leadership positions in operations, ecommerce, commercial,
general merchandise and Asda Money & Mobile.

After this, Jo joined the Co-op, where she was Chief Executive of
Food for five years from 2017. During her time with the Co-op, she
was awarded a CBE in the 2021 New Year honours for her work
during the Covid pandemic. Until last year, Jo was the CEO at
Matalan, leading a business tumaround strategy and a refocus on
value.

Executive Committee

On a day-to-day basis, Asda is run by the Executive Committee, a group of senior leaders who provide
strategic direction and operational management across Asda’s business. Allan Leighton and Robert
Hattrell are both members of the Executive Committee. Information on the other members of the
Executive Committee is included in the table below.

Name and role

Date appointed Career and experience
to Executive
Committee

Allan Leighton —
Executive Chairman

November 2024 On his appointment to the Board of Bellis Topco 2

Limited as Executive Chairman in November 2024,
Allan Leighton also joined the Asda Executive
Committee. He leads the Executive Committee in
setting and executing Asda’s strategy and is hands-on
in the day-to-day management of the business.

Page 19

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements

Robert Hattrell

July 2024

31 December 2024
After having been appointed to the Board of Bellis
Topco 2 Limited in December 2023, Rob Hattrell
joined the Executive Committee in July 2024. Rob
plays an active role in the day-to-day management of
Asda which benefits from his considerable experience
as a retailer.

Michael Gleeson —
Chief Financial Officer

2023

Michael joined Asda in May 2023 as Chief Financial
Officer, having previously held a similar role at
Morrisons. He joined Morrisons in 2014 initially as Group
Financial Controller, holding a number of senior
finance roles before being appointed CFO in
December 2019. Prior to joining Morrisons, Michael
also worked for Tesco in a number of senior finance
roles. He is a chartered accountant having qualified
with Arthur Andersen in Dublin.

Hayley Tatum — Chief
People and Corporate
Affairs Officer*

2011 (resigned
April 2025)

Hayley oversaw all matters related to our c. 140,000
colleagues. From 2017 to 2020, Hayley was a Non-
Executive Director of the Department for Work and
Pensions, and prior to joining Asda spent 20 years at
Tesco.

Hayley resigned as Director of Asda Stores Limited on
11 April 2025.

Kris Comerford — Chief
Commercial Officer —
Food*

2022

Kris was responsible during the year for delivering a
market-leading food proposition for customers. Kris
joined from Tesco where he has held a number of
senior roles within the commercial function, including
spending three years as Chief Commercial Officer for
Tesco Lotus in Thailand before returning to the UK in
2020.

Kris left the business in June 2025.

Helen Selby — General
Counsel & Company
Secretary

2020

Helen has overall responsibility for the legal and
compliance functions. She has previously spent the
majority of her legal career working for a number of
food manufacturers, including Mars Wrigley
Confectionary UK and Hovis where she was a member
of the respective executive leadership teams. Prior to
qualifying as a solicitor, Helen served as an Officer in
the Royal Air Force both in the UK and overseas.

Helen was appointed as Director of the Company on 23
May 2025.

Liz Evans — Chief
Commercial Officer,
Non-Food and Retail

2022

Liz leads the Non-Food and Retail business. She spent
her early career at Marks & Spencer in roles across
retail, womenswear and its international business,
before leading a number of UK fashion brands. Prior to
joining Asda, Liz was the CEO of family lifestyle
brand FatFace.

Page 20

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements

31 December 2024

David Hills — Chief 2023 (resigned David joined Asda in September 2023 and oversaw the

Customer Officer* May 2025) Group’s customer function. He spent his early career at
Kellogg’s across a variety of sales, category
management and customer marketing leadership roles
before joining Aldi in 2007. At Aldi he worked as a
Buying Director before becoming Group Director
Marketing and Communications in 2012.

David resigned as Director of the Company on 23 May

2025.
Matthew Kelleher — 2024 Matt has nearly 30 years of experience in the retail
Chief Digital Officer sector, including 11 years at Morrisons, where he was

part of the Operating Board for the last five years. He
established and scaled the Morrisons.com channel and
most recently had responsibility for Supply Chain, IT
and Productivity as the Morrisons Group Chief
Information Officer.

Matt is responsible for Asda’s data and e-commerce
functions.
David Lepley - Chief 2025 David began his career at Asda as a Christmas
hai temporary colleague at the Grantham store in 2001,
Supply Chain Officer working his way up to Vice President Online Grocery
when he left the business in 2016.

David then spent 8 years at Morrisons, overseeing
stock replenishment and group operations, before
leaving his role as Executive Group
Operations Director at Morrisons to rejoin Asda in
January 2025, where he now oversees Asda’s food and
general merchandise supply operations.

* James Goodman, Darren Blackhurst and Rachel Eyre will be joining the business in Q3 2025 replacing
Hayley Tatum, Kris Comerford and David Hills respectively.

Balance, Diversity, Size and Structure

The size and composition of the Board is appropriate for the nature of the decisions made and
implemented by the Executive Committee. It is considered that the Directors of the Company have the
appropriate balance of background, skills, experience and knowledge to make and execute decisions,
working closely with the wider Executive Committee.

The scrutiny, review and support provided by the Board provides an appropriate amount of independent
rigour and challenge to the operation and decisions of the Executive Committee. This includes
participation in appointments to the Board and Executive Committee, monitoring the effectiveness of
the Board and Executive Committee and implementation of governance approval procedures.

The size and composition of the Executive Committee is appropriate for the size and nature of the
business. In particular, each of the Company’s key business functions are represented in Executive
Committee meetings and each member is highly skilled and experienced in the function that they
represent. The variety of backgrounds, skills, experience and knowledge ensures decisions relevant to

Page 21

ASDA Stores Limited

Reports and Financial Statements

31 December 2024

the Company are being made in a diverse forum. The diversity of thought and expertise provided by the

respective Executive Committee members promotes balanced and holistic decision making which

assesses the impacts of decisions on the various stakeholders who have an interest in the operations of
the Company and who are affected by the decisions made.

The Executive Committee and the Group observe a Diversity and Inclusion policy. The Executive
Committee and the directors of the Company continuously strive to increase diversity at all levels of
the organisation.

Effectiveness

There are periodic evaluations of the constitution and effectiveness of the Executive Committee and
additional appointments are made where necessary to deliver the appropriate diversity and expertise.
Further, Executive Committee members have a formal appraisal process twice annually which considers
performance and rewards.

The Company is committed to on-going professional development of its employees, including
Executive Committee members. This is delivered through a variety of means such as mentoring
programmes, Officer development days and various training courses, ensuring that employees have the
most up to date knowledge and skills to ensure they are effective in their roles.

For further details on how the Board and Executive Committee engage with the Company’s stakeholders
and promote the success of the Company, please refer to the Our Stakeholders and Section 172
Statement below.

Principle Three: Director Responsibilities

Accountability

The Board and Executive Committee observe detailed corporate governance policies and procedures
which set out clear guidelines as to which internal stakeholders within the Company and ownership
structure need to be informed, consulted with or approve certain matters, which ensures that there are
appropriate checks and balances in place before making decisions.

The members of the Executive Committee receive a detailed on-boarding pack upon appointment
detailing their accountabilities and obligations. Individual responsibilities are clearly defined by the
People Team and any changes to an Executive Committee member’s areas of responsibility and/or
reporting lines are briefed to the whole business via colleague email communications. The business as
a whole therefore has a clear understanding of each Executive Committee member’s responsibilities
and remit. Where individuals are directors of separate legal entities within the Group, they are aware of
their responsibilities regarding each of these legal entities.

Our Governance Committees

We have a range of committees with board-delegated authority which meet regularly to manage day-
to-day operations and decision-making on behalf of the Board. The areas of responsibility of each group
are described below. Committees are chaired and attended by members of the Board and Executive
Committee as appropriate, and other relevant members of senior management. These committees
operate under clearly documented terms of reference and the remit of each is regularly reviewed, and
the terms of reference are updated as and when required.

Governance committees are described below and take place at different levels within the group
structure.

Committees at Bellis Topco 2 Limited

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee’s objectives are to provide oversight and effective governance over the
appropriateness and integrity of the financial reporting of the Group, which includes the Company; the
internal financial controls and risk management systems, compliance with laws and regulations, and the
effectiveness of the internal audit function and external auditor. The committee meets at least four times
a year aligned with the external reporting and audit cycle, and was chaired by non-executive director
Page 22

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024
Dame Alison Carnwath, who was succeeded by Jo Whitfield on 1 April 2025.

Nominations and Remuneration Committee

The Nominations and Remuneration Committee meets twice a year and has been chaired by Executive
Chairman Allan Leighton since November 2024 (previously Lord Stuart Rose). Its remit includes
evaluating the balance, experience, knowledge and skills of the Board, succession planning, monitoring
independence of non-executive directors, monitoring trends and compliance with corporate governance
best practice, and recommending remuneration strategy and policies for the Group.

Additionally a Nominations and Remuneration Committee for Asda Group Limited and its subsidiaries,
which include the Company, is chaired and attended by members of the Executive Committee, and is
responsible for setting remuneration policies for the business more broadly, including decisions around
bonus and hourly pay.

Committees at Bellis Finco PLC

Disclosure Committee

The Disclosure Committee is responsible for managing the disclosure of material non-public
information (MNPI) to Asda’s bond investors and lenders. It meets quarterly aligned with the quarterly
investor reporting cycle and on an ad hoc basis as required when potentially material events arise. It is
chaired by the Chief Financial Officer and attended by the General Counsel and the Group Financial
Controller (who is also the Group’s Disclosure Officer). The Committee reports into the Audit
Committee.

Committees at Asda Group Limited

Liquidity and Financial Risk Management Committee (LARM)

LARM meets on a monthly basis and is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer and attended by the
General Counsel, the Group Financial Controller, and the Senior Director for FP&A and Treasury. Its
role is to review and make recommendations to the Board with respect to cash, liquidity, financial risk
management, and any other area relating to risks arising out of financial transactions, including
investment decisions, interest rate and foreign currency exposure.

Compliance, Ethics, Risk and Audit Committee (CERA)

CERA meets monthly and is chaired by the General Counsel and attended by the Chief Financial Officer
and the Chair of the Audit Committee. Its role is to oversee review and monitoring of Asda’s systems
of internal controls and risk management, the internal audit process, and compliance with laws,
regulations and ethical codes of practice. CERA reports into the Audit Committee.

Asda Real Estate and Investment Committee (AREIC)

AREIC meets monthly and is chaired by the Chief Financial Officer. It is responsible for reviewing and
providing recommendations to the Board on capital investment and real estate matters, including
overseeing the annual capital planning process, reviewing and providing recommendations of approval
on material projects, and identifying risks and opportunities within the plan.

Integrity of information

The Board and Executive Committee have established formal and robust internal processes which
ensure that the systems and controls in place are operating effectively. This ensures the quality and
integrity of financial and non-financial information provided to the Board and the Executive Committee
is reliable, to allow for better-informed decision making. Routine and specific ad hoc reporting is
provided to the Board and Executive Committee on a regular basis, covering all key aspects of the
Group’s performance against agreed key performance indicators of a financial and non-financial nature.

Principle Four: Opportunity and Risk

Opportunity
The Board and Executive Committee seek out opportunity which is conducive to achieving the Group’s
strategy, whilst mitigating risk, in line with the Group’s risk management framework.

Page 23

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Risk

The Group and Company have a risk management programme which drives identification, mitigation
and ongoing monitoring of significant risks which is overseen by the Audit Committee and CERA
which are described above. Please refer to the Principal Risks and Uncertainties section below for
further details on the risks identified and assessed.

Principle Five: Remuneration

Setting remuneration and delegating remuneration decisions

Asda aims to attract and retain a high-quality workforce through appropriate, fair and affordable
remuneration at all levels of the Group and Company. Remuneration decisions are handled by the
Nomination and Remuneration Committees for Bellis Topco 2 Limited and Asda Group Limited, as
described above.

When setting remuneration for senior management there is a key focus on the Group’s performance,
both in terms of annual results and the long-term sustainable success of the Group. Bonuses are set on
annual metrics including profit and sales to ensure a balanced focus on creating value for the Group’s
investors whilst improving the shopping experience for customers. Senior leaders are able to participate
in a Cash Incentive Scheme whereby the level of financial return to participants is directly linked to the
performance of the business over annual and five-year pay-out horizons. In this way, participants in this
scheme are incentivised to make decisions which promote and protect the Group’s long-term value.

Pay of the Board and Executive Committee is regularly benchmarked against competitors to ensure the
appropriate individuals, who have the ability to deliver the Group’s strategic objectives, are secured and
retained.

Principle Six: Stakeholder Relations and Engagement

Asda engages regularly with each of its key stakeholder groups to ensure their needs are appropriately
reflected in our purpose and priorities. Key stakeholder groups include customers, colleagues, suppliers,
and investors. Please refer to the Our Stakeholders and Section 172 Statement below for details on how
we engage with each group and take their needs into account.

Page 24

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Our Stakeholders and Section 172 Statement

Engagement with stakeholders is a key consideration for the Board in decision-making and promoting
the long-term success of the Group and the Company. This section sets out our key stakeholders, how
we engage with them, and how this shapes and influences how we do business, and serves as the section

172 statement for ASDA Stores Limited.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, the directors of the Company have acted in accordance with
Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006, in the way they consider, in good faith, would be most
likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole and, in doing
so, have regard to the interests of other stakeholders, whilst maintaining high standards of business

conduct.
Customers

Our mission is to be Britain’s best fresh food and clothing superstore by satisfying the weekly shopping
needs of ordinary working people and their families who demand value.

To do this successfully, it is essential that we listen to customers to meet their needs. The Group has
over 20 million customers who shop with us in store and online each week and there are a range of ways
in which we engage with them on a regular basis so we can make sure we are delivering to meet their
needs,

In 2024 we continued to listen to our customers as part of our Customer Insight Programme. We routinely
conduct qualitative and quantitative research including surveys, focus groups and accompanied
shopping trips with our customers on a number of important subjects across our grocery, non-food and
clothing business, to place them at the heart of our strategic priorities. These included:

¢ Understanding our customers’ needs — how they think, feel and behave, and ultimately how our
proposition, products and services can be designed or optimised to best meet their needs;

¢ Testing and measuring our value propositions and campaigns with our customers;

* Understanding customer mindsets to help support the development of our propositions during
key moments across the year, including Easter, Summer, Halloween and Christmas;

« Competitor benchmark tracking to understand our brand and experience performance relative
to our competitors on a range of themes, including value, price, quality, ease, and choice;

¢ Conducting deep dives across our insight sources to understand the impact of new initiatives,
for example our refreshed product ranges, and new store trials and layouts;

¢ Supporting our commercial teams with research to inform delivery of category strategies; and

¢ Running regular customer listening groups to allow colleagues across our business to hear what
is important to our customers and what is happening in their lives, to put our customers at the
heart of everything we do.

Some examples of the surveys we routinely conduct with customers include:

« Customer satisfaction survey — Tell Asda: 3.5 million customers provided feedback on their
experience shopping with us in store and online in 2024, helping the business to understand key
areas of priority to drive improvements to the experience we deliver;

Page 25

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

¢ Asda Online Customer Community: ongoing engagement with Asda customers through an
online community where our customers feed back regularly on what is important to them in their
lives, as well as our products and services through polls, discussion rooms, surveys, focus groups
and in-depth interviews;

« The Asda Income Tracker: a report produced monthly by the Centre for Economics and
Business Research (CEBR), with key economic indicators including essential spend and
disposable income to enable an understanding of the economic challenges facing our customers;
and

«The Asda Foundation Community Togetherness tracker: a quarterly survey to support the
Asda Foundation in understanding the areas of importance to customers and community
champion colleagues, covering issues ranging from the cost of living crisis through to mental
health and loneliness/isolation, the outputs of which help the Asda Foundation prioritise areas
of focus to support the communities Asda serves.

We also regularly review the purchase behaviour of our customers both within Asda and in the wider
market in collaboration with a number of external insight partners. This information is used to identify
areas of opportunity, review the strength and appeal of our propositional activity, and prioritise where
customers’ needs can be best served by Asda.

In addition to understanding the needs of our customers in the moment, we also adopt a horizon scanning
approach to identify the emerging and future trends that we believe will be most important to our
customers.

Customer insight is shared directly with key decision makers and stakeholders across our business on a
regular basis, including weekly with the Executive Committee’s Performance Board meeting.

Colleagues

Our colleagues are what make Asda. Our Group workforce is made up of around 140,000 colleagues
across 1,200 stores and food service outlets, 30 depots, hubs and consolidation centres, and our four
home office locations. Our retail colleagues make up the largest proportion of this, with approximately
85% of our workforce serving customers in store, 9% in the distribution network and online fulfilment
centres, and 6% in home offices and other operations.

Our commitment to creating an inclusive environment, which reflects the communities we serve,
allows the Group and the Company to attract, recruit and retain high-calibre colleagues, as well as
driving better engagement with our customers. Creating an inclusive culture that supports colleagues
to thrive and reach their full potential is a key focus area.

Colleague Involvement

We pride ourselves on involving our colleagues in helping to make Asda a great place to work.
Examples include regular local engagement with store, depot and home office Colleague Voice groups
to help promote the work we are doing to create a diverse and inclusive workplace.

We are a values led organisation. Our values and supporting leadership behaviours are integrated into
our people processes (recruitment selection, performance, and development). These are supported by
a comprehensive Leadership Framework and a corresponding Learning and Development program
designed to empower both colleagues and leaders to embody our values in their work.

We have regular constructive engagement with our Trade Union Partners, GMB, Usdaw, URTU and
Unite to ensure that we consider the views of members and colleagues alike. In 2024, we launched
our Colleague Advisory Panel (CAP) which brings together the chairs of all our elected representative
forums and representatives from the inclusion networks to discuss strategic business issues directly
with members of our Executive.

Page 26

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

To ensure we inform and consult appropriately, we work with our National Colleague Voice groups
and trade unions on business change proposals we may have. We also work together to improve health
and safety and seek their views and opinions on new initiatives we trial such as our Retail Leadership
Structure. We have quarterly meetings with our colleague representative groups to update and listen
to their views. Agendas are jointly agreed and contain key business updates such as the progress on
our Project Future IT separation programme, employment policy development and our inclusion
agenda. Senior leaders attend each of the sessions to update on business performance and respond to
points raised.

We also engage directly with our colleagues. 59% participated in our annual Your Voice engagement
survey in 2024 which provides us with an additional way to listen and respond to colleague feedback
about working at Asda. This insight is reviewed by our Executive team, line managers and within
individual teams to drive change and continue to improve colleague engagement.

As part of our engagement strategy each year, we hold our Proud to be Asda awards, where both
colleagues and customers can nominate individuals who have lived our values and, in many cases,
displayed amazing acts of heroism and kindness. Service milestones are also celebrated at regional
events across the country to thank colleagues for their long service.

Recruitment, Training and Development

Offering the right training and development opportunities is key to attracting and retaining high-
calibre talent. At Asda, both informal and formal development are part of our culture to ensure
colleagues are supported to achieve their potential.

Asda is proud to support those who have previously served in the Armed Forces and guarantee
interviews for ex-servicemen and women who meet the minimum criteria for a role, provide leave for
reservists’ and cadet training as well as support employment opportunities for service spouses and
partners. Asda recruits more than 1,000 new colleagues from the armed forces service leaver
community each year.

We have a range of over 80 apprenticeship programmes on offer to support managers in our stores,
depots and home offices, along with apprenticeships to support specialist roles in our home offices.
In 2024, we supported over 820 colleagues to work towards or complete a qualification, and
committed £0.9m (bringing the total since launch to £4.6m) of our apprenticeship levy to support
135 new apprentices.

Our “How to get on at Asda” programme runs across retail, depots and head office and promotes clear
development pathways and apprenticeships for colleagues at every level so that they can learn new
skills and build their own path to the next stage in their career.

Within the programme, we promote in-house learning programmes, apprenticeships and external
learning resources tailored to a colleague’s onward career aspirations. This includes supporting hourly
paid retail colleagues to progress towards their first salaried position; programmes to support
managers aspiring towards senior manager positions, a development programme focusing on
behavioural change to enhance leadership effectiveness amongst the senior leadership; and a
partnership with the Cranfield School of Management.

Our “Lead Asda” development programme received accreditation from the Institute of Leadership
and is accessible to all leaders and salaried colleagues across the business. The curriculum is broken
down into three levels: Leading Self & Others, Leading Teams and Leading Organisations, with skill
pillars covering coaching, culture, change influencing and interpersonal relationships. In 2024, over
7,000 colleagues accessed the programme.

Our commitment to internal development transcends all levels and formats in Asda. With this in mind,

we launched the Asda Talent Hub in September 2024 with the ambition of creating a single location

for colleagues to find everything they need relating to the knowledge, skills and behaviours to grow
Page 27

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

in their roles and careers.

We also invest in our future talent through our retail graduate and degree funded programmes, as well
as our bespoke internal programmes, Activate and Intentional Allyship. Colleagues are given a range
of support to develop their careers and achieve leadership roles and this investment will fuel a
representative talent pipeline for our future.

In 2024, we invested further and launched our retail training stores. Retail training stores are where
our new-to-business and new-to-role leaders will complete their technical training. Over 1,000 leaders
have been through these to date. We also re-designed our compliance, safety and customer training,
creating the Retail Ready learning programme to support our new colleagues to capability at pace and
to drive a culture of safety and compliance.

Colleague Reward

It is important to us that we offer transparent, fair and affordable pay. We negotiate with the GMB,
URTU and Unite trade unions for our hourly paid colleagues in our distribution and logistics business,
and with Usdaw for our hourly paid Retail colleagues in Northern Ireland, hourly paid and salaried
colleagues in Arthur Foodstores Limited and hourly paid colleagues in Asda Express Limited and
Leon Restaurants Limited - fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group - who are part of our Asda
Express convenience business. Pay negotiations also take place with Usdaw for hourly and salaried
colleagues who have joined Asda Express as part of the acquisition from the Co-op.

All salaried colleagues up to the Executive Committee are eligible for a bonus scheme, based on
functional objectives set for each department. The Remuneration Committee approves the metrics on
an annual basis.

For senior leadership there is a further cash incentive scheme which includes a combination of annual
and five-year pay-out horizons, designed to reward performance against both short- and long-term
business objectives.

We provide a range of discounts and benefits for all our colleagues including 10% off all shopping,
which was increased to 15% in January 2025.

Developing an Inclusive and Diverse Culture

We’re passionate about and committed to building a business that is diverse and inclusive. Each day
we listen to our colleagues to understand their experiences — working to create an environment that is
inclusive, safe and supportive for all our colleagues, so they can be their best selves.

We continue to run a two-hour “Why Inclusion Matters” course for all of our line managers, and home
office new starters. The course aims to improve our colleagues’ understanding of the importance and
benefits of diversity and inclusion in the workplace and the role they play in making it happen. In
2024 we launched “Every Customer Matters”, a new module in the Retail Ready learning that aims
to build awareness of the different needs of shoppers and empower colleagues to provide an inclusive
and accessible shopping experience for all our customers. _
We’ ve also continued our focus on the importance of allyship through our #AsdaAllies campaign. At
the beginning of 2024 we relaunched our five Inclusion Networks (Employee Resource Groups) and
throughout the year ran campaigns and events to raise the awareness of the importance of allyship.
Within campaigns, we worked with our Inclusion Networks to share colleague case studies, celebrate
allyship across all underrepresented groups, and help colleagues understand how to support one
another’s wellbeing. In 2024 we were proud to continue supporting the work of our charity partners
Diversity Role Models and Show Racism the Red Card through our George Pride range and Wear
Red Day monetary donation.

Page 28

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

In our 2024 Your Voice Survey, 80% of colleagues said they could “be myself at work every day”
and 76% said Asda “provides opportunities for people from diverse backgrounds to succeed”. While
these scores are positive reflections of the inclusive culture of our business, we are not willing to stop
here. By leveraging our leadership and development programmes, empowering our Inclusion
Networks and putting the voice of colleagues at the heart of our decision making, we aim to build on
these figures in 2025 and beyond.

Supporting Colleagues with Disabilities

The Company is a proud member of the Business Disability Forum and is a Level 2 accredited
Disability Confident Employer. We continue to deliver on our commitment to attract, recruit and
retain colleagues who reflect the customers and communities that the Company serves.

Weare an equal opportunities employer, meaning that selection, training, development and promotion
is accessible and inclusive. We have a duty to make reasonable adjustments throughout the
employment lifecycle to ensure that everyone can perform to the best of their ability.

Gender Diversity

While equal remuneration and development opportunities apply to all our employees, like many
businesses, an imbalance of men and women exists in certain roles. Reducing our gender pay gap and
increasing the representation and opportunities for women at all levels remains a core focus for us. In
2021 we set a goal to increase the proportion of General Store Managers who are female to 30%, and
as at 31 December 2024 had reached 29%. We are committed to exploring policies and approaches to
achieve this.

For further detail of our gender split as at 31 December 2024 for directors, senior managers and
employees of the Group, please refer to the Annual Report and Financial Statements of Bellis Finco
PLC.

Our Plans to Close the Gap

In 2024, for the third year running we delivered a bespoke six-month development programme to help
improve female and ethnic minority representation at senior levels in our business. This is a significant
step in our commitment towards levelling the playing field in gender and ethnic diversity. Since 2022,
the programme has reached over 800 female and ethnically diverse colleagues from all functions across
our business to work with over 50 senior leadership mentors.

We recognise the significant impact menopause can have on wellbeing and continue to promote
inclusive practices and education to raise awareness of the impact menopause has at work and to de-
stigmatise conversations about menopause in the workplace. As a menopause friendly employer, we
have made sure that all line managers have access to training on menopause at work, run in collaboration
with our partners Henpicked.

Colleague Wellbeing

At Asda we seek to create a culture which enables colleagues to be the best they can be, whilst also
ensuring they feel able to seek support and have access to helpful resources as and when they might
need them. Our Colleague Voice groups are key to creating this inclusive culture and ensuring our
people feel heard. In addition, we also have a number of other wellbeing programmes, initiatives and
benefits in place to support colleagues to keep mentally, physically, financially, and socially well.

Every colleague can access a one-hour training course focussed on mental wellbeing which is accredited
by Rethink Mental Health Illness, which supplements our wider wellbeing curriculum featuring sessions
including ‘Looking after my Wellbeing’, a 3.5-hour course focused on mental, physical, and emotional
wellbeing. This course is accessible to all colleagues and mandatory for retail section leaders and
managers, as well as depot department managers and shift managers.

Page 29

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

By providing high-quality training, our ambition is to continue driving awareness of mental health and
to de-stigmatise conversations around mental health in the workplace.

Health and Safety

We are committed to maintaining high standards of health and safety which protect colleagues and
customers and to minimising the number of accidents/incidents and loss across our business. The Board
is committed to help ensure that we reduce, so far as is reasonably practicable, health, safety, and fire
risks for our colleagues, customers, suppliers, and others that we work with. Where accidents, fires, or
other incidents likely to lead to loss do occur, we aim to minimise the impact of these events on the
affected individuals and wider business through our response procedures.

We achieve this by:

Providing resources and structures to ensure appropriate governance and management;

Establishing processes and procedures to identify, mitigate and monitor health, safety, and fire
risks;
Providing and maintaining a workplace with safe facilities and equipment;

Providing suitable information, instruction, training, and supervision to all colleagues; and

Working with colleagues and third parties to promote and maintain safe working practices.

Page 30

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Suppliers

We have around 2,400 Goods For Resale (GFR) suppliers that supply products for food, clothing and
general merchandise, and 1,100 Goods Not For Resale (GNFR) suppliers across the Group that support
all functions, including retail, distribution, and home office operations. Our suppliers range from large
multi-national companies to small independently-run businesses.

Our supplier engagement strategy aims to achieve world-class business relationships with an “always
on” approach to communication. Our suppliers are our partners for growth, and positive relationships
are critical to achieving mutually beneficial goals, particularly as we progress through our Project Future
IT transformation as we separate our IT environment from our previous owners Walmart, and expand
our business into the convenience sector. We seek to facilitate efficient ways of working by providing
knowledge and support through our dedicated supplier portal, through frequent supplier conferences,
and regularly listening to and acting on feedback.

Our suppliers complete annual independent surveys, from which we use the results to form the basis of
supplier workshops across key business areas to find ways to improve our supplier relationships.

In respect of suppliers of grocery products, Asda is subject to the requirements of the Groceries Supply
Code of Practice (“GSCOP”) and we have mature policies and processes embedded into our ways of
working to ensure ongoing compliance. Each year we review our performance and build additional
layers into our compliance programme to ensure continuous improvement. In 2024, 95% of suppliers
ranked Asda as “consistently or mostly” following GSCOP (2023: 94%).

Shareholders and Finance Providers

Mohsin and Zuber Issa and TDR Capital acquired the Asda Group Limited Group (“Asda Group”) in
FY21. In October 2024, TDR completed the acquisition of Zuber Issa’s shares in Asda, making TDR
the majority shareholder. As board members, representatives of TDR Capital and Mohsin Issa work
with the Asda Executive Committee to deliver Asda’s strategy.

The acquisition of Asda Group in February 2021 was funded by raising external debt financing in the
form of senior secured notes (SSNs), senior unsecured notes (SUNs) and term loans. Further, in October
2023 the Group entered into a financing facility of £684m with Apollo Global Management to part
finance the acquisition of Asda Express (Jersey) Ltd. In 2024, £3.4 billion of debt comprising some of
the senior secured notes and term loans was refinanced, and a further £152m was drawn down. In July
2025, £302m of 2026 senior secured notes and £500m of senior unsecured notes were repaid in full
whilst €700m of new 2031 Eurobonds were drawn down. For more information, refer to the Key
Principal Decisions section of the Bellis Finco PLC Annual Report and Financial Statements. We
provide an update on the financial performance, strategic priorities and significant projects of the
business on a quarterly basis to our lenders, in accordance with the terms of our lending agreements.
Material reportable events are also reported to debtholders as and when they arise. The Investor
Relations team manages routine and ad hoc reporting on behalf of the Group.

Asda’s previous owner Walmart retains a preference shareholding and Board position, and thereby
remains informed and consulted on the Group’s activities and strategic direction through their
contribution to the Board of Bellis Topco 2 Ltd, an indirect parent company of the Company. The
preference shares mature in February 2028. The expected repayment amount that would be required to
be made in cash to Walmart by Bellis TopCo 2 in February 2028, including any accrued and unpaid
interest, is approximately £900 million. Bellis TopCo 2 Limited may voluntarily redeem the Senior
Shares at any time subject to paying a make-whole amount.

Page 31

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Approach to Risk Management

Effective risk management is essential to executing our strategy. We assess the risks we need to take to
remain successful and to grow. These risks inform our strategic decision making and we manage
identified risks as effectively and pragmatically as possible.

The Board is ultimately responsible and accountable for overseeing the effectiveness of our risk
management process, including identification of the principal risks facing our business. The Board
challenges management’s implementation of effective systems of risk identification, assessment and
mitigation. The Board has delegated the responsibility for reviewing the effectiveness of the Group’s
internal controls and risk management arrangements to the Audit Committee.

To support the Audit Committee in executing its risk management responsibility, Asda's operating
procedures and processes are closely aligned to business risks with management having responsibility
for mitigating risk in the first line. This comprises identifying risks, assessing impact and likelihood,
and implementing action and mitigation plans. Second line risk management activities are also in place
to provide further assurance and rigour. The impact assessment of a risk includes considering its
potential reputational, financial, and operational effects.

The Group risk management framework derives from the Group Risk Management Policy which is
subject to periodic review and is designed to support the business in achieving its strategic objectives.
As part of its risk management activities, the Board reviews the Group’s principal risks and risk appetite
on a regular basis.

Principal Risks and Uncertainties

The Board considers the principal risks to be the most significant risks faced by the Group (which
includes ASDA Stores Limited), including those that are the most material to our performance and those
that could threaten our business model or the future long-term solvency or liquidity of the Group. The
principal risks do not comprise all the risks associated with our business and are not set out in priority
order. Additional risks not known to management, or currently deemed to be less material, may also
have an adverse effect on our business.

Page 32

Regulatory, Political and Compliance Environment

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Failure to comply with legal requirements or regulatory standards, or respond adequately to
changes in an increasingly regulated and complex UK political environment, as well as
demonstrate considered and legitimate engagement with key stakeholders, trade unions and
colleague representatives, could lead to significant fines, reputational damage and affect our

ability to operate.

Context

« We are subject to extensive, increasingly
stringent and frequently changing laws and
regulations. Increased scrutiny from
regulators and enforcement authorities,
including in relation to advertising, food and
product safety, health and safety matters and
the environment could impose substantial
liabilities and costs. It could also have a
material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

e Any claims could result in litigation against
the Company and could also result in
regulatory or legal proceedings being
brought against the Company. Often these
cases raise complex factual, accounting and
legal issues, which are subject to risks and
uncertainties and which could require
significant management time, legal expenses
and exposure to financial penalty.

Mitigations

We continue to risk assess all regulatory
developments and test compliance with
internal processes designed to mitigate risks,
making improvements where required.

We engage our colleague representatives
quarterly to update on progress and consult
them on business change proposals as
required.

Robust policies, procedures and training are
in place and we have an established Legal &
Compliance Programme designed to ensure
compliance with relevant legal and
regulatory requirements across key subject
areas including but not limited to GSCOP,
Health & Safety, Privacy, Financial Services
and Anti-Bribery.

The Statement of Ethics also provides clear
guidance to colleagues on appropriate
behaviour, including guidance on how to
raise any business conduct concerns they
may have.

Colleagues can raise issues by contacting the
independent ethics hotline, or by contacting
the Legal and Compliance team directly by
email, phone or online. In addition,
procedures were in place during the period in
respect of compliance with the UK Bribery
Act.

Oversight is provided by the Compliance, Ethics, Risk & Audit (CERA) Committee.

Page 33

Safeguarding our Colleagues and Customers

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Inability to manage risks relating to health and safety, sourcing, food safety and customer
expectations for both food and non-food products and in our stores and premises increases the
risk of injury or loss of life, reputational damage, and decreased customer confidence.

Context

e Any event, such as a significant product recall
or negative press reaction to statements made
or actions taken could damage our brand or

cause customers to lose

confidence in the safety and quality of the

reputation or

products we sell.

* Our colleagues are critical to maintaining our
customer and supplier relationships and
ultimately protecting our reputation as a

business.

© These risks could have an adverse impact on
our brand, reputation, colleagues, customers

operations and regulatory standing.

¢ There is also a risk that products are not
ethical and

sourced in a_ responsible,

sustainable way.

Mitigations

The Asda Legal and Compliance team
continue to work with the relevant home
authorities to ensure the safety of customers
and colleagues within our stores. All
government guidelines are followed within
all our stores and offices.

We maintain strong relationships with our
suppliers by operating on terms that are
mutually agreed and updated as appropriate
to reflect changes in both parties’ respective
needs.

The Company has clear supplier standards
as well as a human rights policy. Supplier
audit procedures are in place to monitor
adherence to these required standards and
policies on responsible sourcing. We also
continue to work with suppliers to help
alleviate the challenges arising from recent
supply chain pressures.

Oversight is provided by the Compliance, Ethics, Risk & Audit (CERA) Committee.

Page 34

Cyber and Data Security

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

There is a risk that Asda systems are vulnerable to cyber-attacks or data breaches which could lead
to significant limitations in ability to operate, loss of earnings, brand and reputational damage and
regulatory fines.

Context

There is a risk that the Company's systems are
vulnerable to cyber-attacks which could lead to
significant limitations in ability to operate, loss
of earnings, reputational damage and regulatory
fines.

In the event of non-compliance with the
requirements of General Data Policy Regulations
(“GDPR”), there is a risk of data loss or misuse
or other data breaches which could lead to
significant fines and reputational damage.

Mitigations

A well-established Cyber Security team
provides insight and detailed analysis of risks
and remediations and is continually
developing ways to mitigate potential risks.

A Privacy team is in place to ensure all
required areas of expertise and process for the
programme is fit for purpose and for the
future.

Oversight is provided by the Compliance, Ethics, Risk & Audit (CERA) Committee.

Page 35

Talent

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

There is a risk that Asda is unable to attract talented individuals with the relevant skillset,
retain key colleagues, or adapt colleague skillsets to align with transformation activities, which
could lead to a negative impact on operational performance, a delay in separation
transformation and ultimately impact external reputation.

Context

© Our ability to attract, retain and develop
talented colleagues is important for long-
term stability and success. There is a risk
that we are unable to attract or retain
talented colleagues and key individuals.

Mitigations

Regular industry benchmarking to inform
decision making on our pay and benefits.

Recruitment of new, experienced senior
leaders to add to our current team to help
deliver on our business strategy.

There is a Your Voice survey that a selection
of employees are asked to complete every
month. All colleagues are given the
opportunity to complete the survey once a
year and the colleagues selected each month
are different. This survey is to collate
colleague views and an action plan is prepared
and shared within functions to ensure we
address specific issues that may arise.

Following the launch of our new purpose and
values in 2023, we integrated the values and
supporting leadership behaviours into our
people processes (recruitment selection,
performance, and development). This was
supported by a comprehensive Leadership
Framework and a corresponding Learning and
Development programme designed to
empower both colleagues and leaders to
embody our values in their work. The
programme offers nine modules for individual
leadership, eight modules for team leadership,
and five additional seminars for our most
senior leaders. We continue to invest in
accelerated development through our “how to
get on at Asda” programmes to ensure all
grades have access to development material
relevant for their career and have an
opportunity to update, learn and develop their
skills.

Towards the end of 2024, we reflected on and
refreshed the values which underpin our
strategic direction, which are set out on page
6. We will continue to integrate these values
into our people processes throughout 2025.

Page 36

ASDA Stores Limited
Reportsand Financial Statements
31 December 2024

We have a range of over 70 apprenticeship
programmes on offer to support hourly
colleagues to managers in our stores, depots
and home offices, along with apprenticeships
to support specialist roles in our home offices
and healthcare (Optical). We continually
review our programmes and in 2024, we
added a further 12 apprenticeship
programmes to build colleague capability in
specific areas including packaging, customer
delivery drivers and artificial intelligence.

At the end of 2024, we had over 550
colleagues on an apprenticeship programme
who were working towards or had completed
a qualification.

A range of graduate level roles are available,
including opportunities in retail, buying,
finance and data science.

Talent reviews take place twice a year to
ensure we continue to identify and develop
talent within the organisation, in particular for
critical roles.

Wellbeing support - every colleague can
access a one-hour training course focused on
mental wellbeing which is accredited by
Rethink Mental Health Illness. In March 2023
we introduced a new course, ‘Looking after
my Wellbeing’, a 3.5-hour course focused on
mental, physical, and emotional wellbeing,
with 575 attendees in 2024. This course is
accessible to all colleagues and is mandatory
for retail section leaders and managers, and
depot department managers and shift
managers. In September 2023, we launched a
90-minute facilitated session, Supporting
Colleague Mental Health which is available to
all our leaders and had 215 attendees in 2024.

Oversight is provided by the Remuneration Committee, Compliance Ethics Risk & Audit

Committee (CERA) and the Executive Committee.

Page 37

Operational Resilience

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

ity to prevent, adapt or respond to a major failure or external event to a key part of the

business or supply chains or with a third party (e.g. natural disaster, pandemics, technology)
or inability to continue to improve productivity in operations could impact the Group’s and
Company’s ability to trade, prevent us from serving our customers and result in not achieving
our strategic objectives.

Context

Disruption as a result of major incident or
external events can have a number of impacts,
for example increased freight costs and
wholesale energy prices and shortage of raw
materials. Any disruption to our supply chain
or suppliers can impact our future.

There is no assurance that such pressures will
not increase in the future which could
materially increase our costs and impact our
business. Sourcing and supply chain
challenges could also be exacerbated through
climate change as adverse weather conditions
increasingly disrupt our ability to source,
transport and deliver goods whilst also
impacting our customers’ ability to access our
stores.

It is critical that productivity across the
business is sufficient to meet our ambitious
growth plans and to achieve our strategic
objectives.

Mitigations

We continue to work with suppliers to help
alleviate the challenges arising from recent
supply chain pressures. This includes using
our own logistics network to support
suppliers in the transportation of products
from their manufacturing sites to our
distribution centres, and amending ordering
profiles to enable suppliers to better manage
the efficiency of their production lines.

A number of disaster recovery and business
continuity plans are in place in the event of
an incident which could severely affect the
Company's ability to trade. A
comprehensive Incident Response Plan
exists to ensure business continuity in the
event of a major incident.

Oversight is provided by the Executive Committee.

Page 38

Competition, Markets and Brand

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

In a highly competitive environment during a time of economic uncertainty, there is a risk we
are unable to navigate changes in market structure and consumer shopping trends, effectively
respond to government actions taken in response to price inflation or adjust to customers’
changing expectations of value. This may lead to failure to enhance brand value and reputation,

which could result in loss of market share.

Context

© Our business is dependent on the economic
situation in the United Kingdom and we are
exposed to local, regional, national and
global economic, political, social and other
trends that could impact our operations and
financial performance.

* Inthe highly competitive retail industry,
success depends on satisfying changing
customer needs more effectively than the
competition. Failure to meet consumer
demands is a competitive disadvantage and
the Company may therefore be exposed to
a loss of market share.

© Our brand and reputation constitute a
significant part of our value proposition.
Our success has been founded in part on our
ability to develop our brand as a leading UK.
retailer of quality, competitively priced
grocery, clothing and general merchandise.
Maintaining the reputation of and value
associated with our brand is central to the
success of our business.

Mitigations

The Executive Committee invests significant
time formulating, reviewing, and
communicating our business strategy. This is
delivered through strategic programmes with
allocated programme teams tasked with
delivering the objectives set out.

There are regular reviews of relevant data on
aspects such as price position, product
availability and other measures of quality and
service that are important to our customers.

Continuous monitoring of market information
to understand our position relative to
competitors enabling action to be taken ona
timely basis.

The Company regularly engages with
customers, both directly and through the
monitoring of available external data, in order
to ensure that our positive customer
perception is maintained.

Oversight is provided by the Executive Committee.

Page 39

Climate Change

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

As the global climate crisis becomes more critical, there is a risk that Asda will fail to address
climate-related impacts on our business in reputational, operational and financial terms and

may not meet stakeholder expectations.

Context

¢ Asaretailer, we recognise that we have
a responsibility to minimise the adverse
impact that our business activities have
on the environment. Failure to do this
may result not only in adverse
environmental impacts, but also
financial penalties and long-term
damage to our reputation.

¢ Other climate-related issues, for
example adverse weather, may have a
significant impact on our operations,
property, supply chain, particularly in
fresh, and our ability to maintain
availability on our shelves.

Mitigations

We have a clear roadmap to achieve net zero
Scope I & 2 greenhouse gas emissions, as we
work towards net zero by 2040. We intend to
resubmit near-term science-based targets
covering all scopes and FLAG to the
Science-Based Targets Initiative (SBTi)
following acquisitions made in 2023.

Scope 1 and 2 emissions come from fleet,
buildings and purchased energy, and we have
undertaken numerous activities to reduce
these, e.g. continuing to rollout gas-powered
HGVs and electrifying the Asda Online
delivery fleet, and moving to lower-carbon
refrigerants.

On Scope 3 we continue to engage with our
suppliers to reduce product-related emissions
and work particularly closely with our largest
suppliers on setting climate commitments for
the products they sell us.

Our ESG Steering Committee oversees risk
analysis for climate-related risks to our
operations and financial position, and puts
mitigating actions in place.

Oversight is provided by the Executive Committee.

Page 40

Separation

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Delays in our ability to separate from Walmart could result in significant cost and any issues
with the separation process, particularly system cutovers, could significantly disrupt business
operations and impact our ability to meet our strategic objectives.

Context

e The separation of Asda from Walmart is complex,
and will require significant management attention
and poses a number of risks including, but not
limited to, the implementation of new IT
infrastructure independent from Walmart (Project
Future).

* Asda’s other ongoing transformation
programmes create a complex landscape for
navigating delivery of transformation alongside
business operations.

Mitigations

Following the separation, a dedicated
programme team has been created and
key partners identified to deliver the
separation. Walmart will continue to
provide services to ASDA under a
Transitional Services Agreement. This
includes continuity of existing IT
services and support whilst independent
systems are developed and
implemented.

Appointed a Business Endurance Leader
to ensure effective delivery of Future
programme; weekly executive meetings
held to ensure cross-functional
transparency about progress of all
workstreams. Continued focus on
surfacing and mitigating risks, as well
as resolving any issues that arise.

Oversight is provided by the Executive Committee

Page 41

ASDA Stores Limited
Reportsand Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Integration

There is a risk that the additional complexity of integrating acquisitions results in disruption
and distracts management and colleagues which could impact profitability.

Context Mitigations

e Without an appropriate plan, there isa risk that ¢ Dedicated workstreams have been set up
the integration of acquisitions could result in to manage specific areas of the
significant added complexity and management integration while ensuring minimal
distraction. Delays or issues could lead to disruption to the Company and the
additional cost which impacts profitability. Group.

e A governance structure has been
established to provide oversight of key
risks and decision making.

Oversight is provided by the Executive Committee.

Page 42

Liquidity, Funding and Financial Risks

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

There is a risk that Asda is unable to access the short-term and long-term funding required
to meet business needs. In addition, there is a risk that fluctuations in foreign exchange,
interest rates and commodity markets adversely impact on Asda’s performance.

Context

Availability and ability to access appropriate
levels of funding and maintain liquidity is
critical for continued business operations.
There is a risk that the Group, which includes
the Company, is unable to access financial
markets to obtain appropriate sources and
levels of funding at economic rates or debt
funding is removed due to non-compliance
with lending agreements and related
covenants.

There is a risk of a working capital outflow if
there were a significant reduction in payment
terms to suppliers. Some of our suppliers
benefit from access to supply chain finance
facilities. The withdrawal of these facilities
could lead:to a review of payment terms.

Markets around the world experience
volatility due to macroeconomic and
geopolitical conditions. There is a risk that
Asda is not able to effectively manage and
mitigate the impact of these events on
financial performance.

Mitigations

The Treasury function monitors current
and forecasted cashflows and ensures
that adequate short-term funds and
borrowing facilities are in place to meet
upcoming obligations.

Covenant compliance is reviewed
quarterly by the Controllership team.

The Liquidity & Risk Management
Committee conducts regular horizon
scanning for emerging financial risks
including but not limited to volatility in
foreign exchange rates and commodity
prices.

Refer to the next section on Financial
Risks for further details.

Oversight is provided by the Liquidity & Risk Management Committee (LARM).

Page 43

Technology

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Failure to deliver and maintain secure, scalable and efficient key IT systems and
infrastructure, including management of key technology partners and failing to adjust to
evolving regulatory standards, could result in significant service disruptions, financial losses
and reputational damage.

Context

Failure of our IT infrastructure or key IT
systems could lead to loss of earnings or
regulatory fines, limit our ability to operate
effectively and have a negative impact on our
reputation.

There has been a significant change in Asda’s
IT environment following the separation from
Walmart and Project Future.

As part of Project Future, a number of critical
systems are cloud-based, software as a service
(SaaS) solutions which increases the
importance of effective management of IT
vendors.

The risk associated with cyber attacks or data
breaches is covered within the Cyber and Data
Security risk.

The risk associated with Asda’s IT separation
programme (Project Future) is covered in the
Separation and Integration risks.

Mitigations

We are continuously upgrading our
technology infrastructure and platforms
to strengthen resilience. This includes
significant investment to enhance our
internal infrastructure and upgrade
legacy systems across the organisation.

We are dedicated to strengthening our
technology team’s skills to improve and
advance our core technology solutions.

We continue to invest in, further refine
and test our disaster recovery business
continuity plans to ensure minimal
disruption in the event of a technology
failure.

We oversee operations through a well-
defined process for managing minor and
major events.

We prioritise, track and oversee
technological innovation at Asda via
robust governance and oversight
framework.

Oversight is provided by the Executive Committee.

Page 44

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Financial Risks

The key financial risks faced by the Company are liquidity and funding, foreign currency and interest
rate risks. The policies and strategies for managing these risks are summarised below.

Economic Risk

Our business is dependent on the economic situation in the United Kingdom and we are exposed to
local, regional, national and global economic, political, social and other trends that could impact our
operations and financial performance.

Liquidity and Funding Risk

The Company's principal day to day financial risk is having funds available at the right time to meet
business needs. This risk is managed by the Treasury function, which forecasts cash flows and ensures
that adequate short-term funds and borrowing facilities are in place to meet liabilities to suppliers,
colleagues and our lenders as they fall due.

Intermediate parent companies within the Bellis Finco ple group are party to a number of covenants
associated with external borrowings; refer to the Capital Structure, Net Debt and Leverage section on
page 18 of the Bellis Finco ple 2024 Annual Report and Financial Statements for further information.
There is a risk that the covenants attached to these borrowings are not met which could result in penalties
and adversely impact the Company and Group’s ability to secure funding in the future. As such,
covenant compliance is continuously monitored and managed.

The Company’s Treasury function ensures that the Company and the Group continues to have sufficient
funding by monitoring rolling forecasts of the Company’s and the Group’s cash flows, which includes
the Group's ability to service its debt obligations.

The Company has arrangements with a number of third-party financial institutions that allow a number
of the Company’s suppliers to participate in Supply Chain Finance (“SCF”). The Company is subject
to risk of a working capital outflow in the event of a reduction in available SCF facilities. This risk is
mitigated by supplier payment terms being contractually agreed with the majority of suppliers
separately from SCF arrangements, and by the Company having SCF arrangements with a number of
different financial institutions.

The Group is subject to the risk that its capital structure may not be sufficient to support the growth of
its business and maintain its existing credit rating. The capital structure of the Group consists of debt
obligations (including the Senior Facilities, the Senior Secured Notes, term loans and the Senior
Unsecured Notes), equity (issued share capital, share premium and reserves) and a shareholder loan.
Part of the Group's capital risk management strategy is to monitor a broad range of financial metrics
and manage compliance with financial covenants relating to the Group's debt obligations. Refer to the
Capital Structure, Net Debt and Leverage section on page 18 of the Bellis Finco plc 2024 Annual Report
and Financial Statements for further information.

The Group entered into re-financing events in 2024 and 2025. For more information on the 2024 re-
financing see the Key Principal Decisions section on page 19 of the Bellis Finco ple 2024 Annual Report
and Financial Statements. For more information on the 2025 re-financing see the Shareholders and
Finance Providers section above.

Credit Risk

The majority of the Company’s revenue is received in cash or cards at the point of sale. Some credit
risk does arise from cash and cash equivalents, deposits with banking groups and exposures from other
sources of income such as commercial income.

Page 45

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Foreign Exchange Risk

The Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk as certain transactions with suppliers are denominated
in foreign currencies. Cash flows can be affected by movements in exchange rates, primarily US Dollars
and Euros. The Commercial Finance function forecasts the timing and level of foreign currency
requirements, and the Treasury function buys forward contracts accordingly for certain product
categories. Other currency requirements are purchased on the spot market. It is the Company's policy
not to buy or hold foreign currency speculatively. Currency forward contracts are hedge accounted at
fair value.

Interest Rate Risk

Although the Company does not have any externally issued debt, the Company is guarantor to the debt
of the Group. The Group is exposed to interest rate risk on its floating rate liabilities (based on SONIA
and EURIBOR) primarily composed of the Senior Facilities, which consist of the Revolving Credit
Facility, Term Loan A, Term Loan B and the Apollo Facility entered into to finance the acquisition of
Asda Express (Jersey) Ltd. During the year, the Group completed the re-financing of a substantial
portion of its capital structure. This involved entering into two new Term Loan B facilities which both
mature in May 2031. The previous Term Loan B has been repaid in full. The EURIBOR interest rate
risk on Term Loan B is partially hedged through entering cross-currency interest rate swaps to fix 74%
of the interest payments in pound sterling until May 2027. The SONIA interest rate risk on the Apollo
Facility is partially hedged through entering into an interest rate swap to fix 79% of the interest. The re-
financing of the Group’s capital structure has not had an impact on how the group hedges SONIA
interest rate risk on the Apollo Facility. Taking into account the swaps that were in place at the Balance
Sheet date, the proportion of the Group’s total debt which is exposed to variable interest rates is less
than 15%.

Commodity Price Risk

The Company and Group manages the risks associated with the purchase of electricity and gas
consumed by its activities by entering into hedging contracts to fix prices for expected consumption.
The Board reviews the Company’s exposure to commodity prices and ensures it remains within policy
limits.

Page 46

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Environmental, Social, Governance (ESG)

Asda’s leadership is aware of the impact that the operations of the Group (which includes Asda Stores
Limited) can have on the environment and society. Our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
programme is considered a core part of our growth strategy and in ensuring the long-term sustainability
of our business, and as such the programme is overseen by the Board and led by the Executive
Committee. The information below is all at the Bellis Finco ple group level (“the Group”) in order to
give the most representative illustration of the Group, of which the Company is the main trading entity,
has on the environment and society.

In early 2024, we received our first ESG rating of 3 by the ratings agency Sustainable Fitch, indicating
an average ESG profile, and an underlying score of 54.

ESG strategic priorities

In 2022/2023, the Asda Executive led a reset of the ESG strategy to ensure alignment with the Group’s
broader strategy and to deliver a programme that can withstand cultural shifts and other demands. Our
strategy focuses on providing accessible and affordable solutions for the growing number of customers
who want to shop in a healthier and more sustainable way, and developing a more efficient and resilient
value chain so that we grow sustainably.

We reassess our material issues regularly to ensure we continue to address the most relevant topics to
our stakeholders and make a meaningful impact. Following our most recent materiality assessment in
2022, our priorities are the five key areas below.

e Healthy and sustainable choices — develop healthy, sustainable and affordable products and
provide customer access and responsible marketing to support healthy and sustainable choices;

« Net Zero Carbon — reduce emissions to become an end-to-end net zero carbon emissions
business;

«  Nature- more sustainable and resilient supply chains, driving a positive impact on key natural
resources;

« Zero Waste - reduce, reuse and recycle waste across the supply chain and operationally; and

« Responsible Business Fundamentals — a focus on health and safety, diversity and inclusion,
responsible sourcing and human rights, modern slavery and charitable fundraising including
Asda Tickled Pink, corporate giving and local community outreach.

Healthy and Sustainable Choices

As one of the UK’s biggest supermarkets, we understand the important role we play in providing
accessible, healthy choices for customers, and the impact these choices can have on the nation’s health.
In early 2024, we relaunched our health strategy, marking a new chapter in our long history of action
on health, including being the first retailer to introduce front of pack traffic light labelling and the
establishment of our Live Better icon, which signposts customers to the healthiest options.

In partnership with the charity Nesta, an independent research organisation, we have set out our
ambition to improve the average sales weighted health score of the food we sell, both branded and own-
brand, year on year, using the Government’s Nutrient Profiling Model. As we have a clear target, we
will be publishing our baseline and will agree the milestones to measure our performance against. Our
previous health metrics (to increase the number of Live Better products, to grow Asda Plant Based sales,
to reduce red traffic lights on Asda products and to increase the proportion of healthy non-HFSS Asda
own branded products) will continue to be monitored internally as they all contribute to the improved
Health Score target.

Page 47

ASDA Stores Limited

Reports and Financial Statements

31 December 2024

“Sustainable choices” focuses on how we best support customers to make more sustainable product

choices when shopping with us. To fulfil customer needs on sustainable choices we aim to: decarbonise

baskets; reduce packaging where possible, whilst improving the sustainability credentials and

circularity of what remains; and drive engagement through transparent and consistent communications.

To address the challenge of decarbonisation of baskets, Asda has joined the British Retail Consortium

Monda Coalition and are assessing the carbon footprint of our own label product portfolio to support

the aims of the coalition. Meanwhile, in 2024 we exited our four refill trial stores due to the complexities

of scaling and operating refillable packaging, and intend to deliver new, scalable refill and prefill trials
that build on our learnings.

Net Zero Carbon

We have been working to decarbonise our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions since 2007 and have reduced
them by 48% since our 2015 baseline, including by a further 7% in FY24 (in the Asda legacy business
before acquisitions). This has been driven in part by a reduction in electricity and gas use,
decarbonisation of refrigeration gas and decarbonisation of the National Grid, as well as by continued
transition of our fleet to low or no carbon fuels. Our intention to set a science-based carbon reduction
target across all scopes, including a specific Forests, Land and Agriculture (FLAG) target has been
pushed to 2025 to allow time for integration of data from the acquisition of new sites that now form part
of our Asda Express convenience format, so that it accurately reflects Asda’s footprint. To address
Scope 3 emissions, which account for 98% of our emissions, we are working collaboratively with
suppliers and partners to drive climate action. Working alongside the sustainability ratings platform,
EcoVadis, we now require our largest suppliers to share sustainability data with us through the EcoVadis
platform, to ensure two-way visibility of data.

Nature

In early 2024, we launched our new natural resource stewardship strategy, delivering on our 2020
commitment to establish a programme by 2024. Its aim is to ensure we have a more resilient value chain
and that we are driving a positive impact on natural resources. The strategy is structured around three
critical pillars: water, biodiversity and soil. These aims build on our existing programmes working on
The Courtauld Commitment 2030, our sourcing standards and certification of fresh produce through
LEAF, deforestation-free sourcing across key commodities, and project work to develop soil health
metrics. In our 2023 ESG Report, we also reported our operational water consumption for the first time,
setting a target to reduce this year on year.

Zero Waste

We continue to work towards our 2025 waste reduction targets across food (20% reduction in waste),
packaging (100% recyclable own brand packaging, 30% recycled content) and operational waste (90%
diversion from energy and maintain zero to landfill). We will update on progress against these targets
in our 2024 ESG Report.

We have expanded our comprehensive “‘back of store” food donation scheme, entering into a new three-
way partnership with long-standing food redistribution charity FareShare and local food sharing app
Olio. The addition of Olio as a food redistribution partner will see over 680 donation slots added to
Asda’s back of store donation scheme. Similarly, we extended our partnership with Too Good To Go,
introducing it across nearly 1,000 sites.

For more detail about our environmental commitments, please refer to our latest ESG Report available
on our website.

Responsible Business Fundamentals

Please see the Supporting Local Communities section on page 49 for information about our actions on
responsible business fundamentals during the year.

Page 48

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Social, Community and Human Rights Issues
Supporting Local Communities

Our stores are central to the communities that we serve and we understand that we have a vital
supporting role to play. Our work in this area forms part of the Better Lives pillar of our Creating
Change for Better Programme.

We have a network of 391 Community Champions in our large stores, who have a focus on local charity
fundraising and community support. The work of Community Champions, with the Asda Foundation,
remains a lifeline for many grassroots community groups and charities. Community Champions usually
spend their time out and about delivering practical support, listening to our communities’ needs, and
working with local people to channel funding and assistance where needed the most. Through our
champions we have been able to donate over half a million pounds in goods donations to support local
causes, spent over 19,000 days volunteering and supported over 26,000 groups. Our Community
Champions also helped to raise funds for local schools through the Asda Rewards Cashpot for Schools
scheme, which raised over £5.7m in total.

The Asda Better Starts programme is our focus on supporting children and young people and helping
them to reach their full potential by tackling the barriers that prevent them from thriving.

In 2024, we delivered our biggest ever year of funding for BBC Children in Need since the partnership
began in 2000, raising over £3.8m to support the charity. Asda’s partnership with Children in Need aims
to help the charity support 100,000 children over a three-year period, through the Fuelling Potential
campaign, which seeks to boost physical and mental wellbeing through access to Children in Need
funded holiday programmes. Alongside fundraising, our Community Champions delivered a series of
Pudsey clubs across stores and cafes to support Asda customers with free activities and resources in the
school holidays. In 2024, through sales of our George Pride range, we raised over £20,000 for charity
partners Diversity Role Models and we continued our support of Rethink Fuel.

Through our partnership with The Children’s Book Project, we collected over 45,000 new and used
books in our stores and redistributed these, providing two books to each child in 50 primary schools.
We will continue to support the collection and redistribution of books throughout 2025.

Continuing Asda’s legacy of fighting hunger, in 2024, together with our customers, we donated the
equivalent of over two million meals to foodbanks in the Trussell Trust network. In May 2024, Asda
stores across the country took part in the annual food drive in partnership with the Trussell Trust. The
three-day event generated the equivalent of over 247,000 meals for our communities and gave
foodbanks across the Trussell Trust network as well as independent food banks the opportunity to bring
volunteers into stores to raise vital funds and awareness. In 2024 we also increased the number of food
collection points across our estate, expanding into supermarkets alongside superstores.

Further to this, in 2024 we served over 2.1 million meals to children in our in-store cafes, as part of our
“Kids eat for £1” initiative. The campaign has continued to support families in school and term time. In
November and December, we also served a Winter Warmers offer of soup, a roll and unlimited tea and
coffee to over 292,000 customers over 60 visiting our 205 cafes.

Asda Spaces and Places is our platform to build community togethemess. ‘Spaces’ may be Asda stores,
where we encourage community connections and giving, while ‘Places’ are in the surrounding
neighbourhoods, where we build community resilience through Community Champion outreach
activities, colleague volunteering and grants from our charity, Asda Foundation. We have over 25
purpose-built community rooms across the UK, and over 100 stores also offer space to help local groups
and communities connect.

Page 49

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

We have been proud supporters of the Royal British Legion Poppy Appeal for a number of years and
in 2024 we continued to donate both colleague time and store space to help raise £1.2m to support
veterans and their families.

We continue our award winning national fundraising and awareness partnership Asda Tickled Pink with
breast cancer charities, Breast Cancer Now and CoppaFeel! 2024 marked 28 years since we launched
our Tickled Pink campaign. The campaign encourages regular breast and chest checking and raises vital
funds for life-changing support, education and research, which has been delivered through fun and
engaging in-store activities, events, clothing recycling, digital customer donations and also through our
exclusive range of Tickled Pink products. In 2024, fundraising for Tickled Pink raised £9.0m, our
biggest year to date. In addition, over two million Asda customers checked their chest as a direct result
of seeing our Breast Cancer Awareness month Tickled Pink campaign in October.

Our Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights Approach

Many millions of people around the world play a part in keeping Asda shelves stocked and we have a
responsibility to ensure the dignity of every worker in our supply chain. We are committed to operating
and sourcing products in a way that respects human rights.

As a responsible retailer we are committed to the principles of sourcing responsibly, respecting human
rights, and promoting the dignity of all those who contribute to our business. We collaborate across
industries and organisations around the world to help combat risks including but not limited to, forced
and child labour, unsafe working conditions, restricted freedom of association, violence, harassment,
and discrimination. Our commitment extends to all individuals impacted by the Asda Group’s business
activities and relationships, including colleagues, customers, suppliers, workers within our supply
chains, and the communities in which we operate. Asda's Human Rights Policy outlines the steps we
take to respect internationally recognised human rights and formalises our expectations across our
global supply chains.

Transparency of the supply chain is key to our approach. We map and collect data on our supply chains
which helps us to identify our salient labour risks. We monitor and investigate issues in the supply chain
and enable colleagues within the business to understand their role in human rights and its impacts. We
also engage in initiatives to find root cause solutions that can transform entire supply chains. Partnering
with our suppliers and their global facilities, we work to mitigate risks, drive remediation, and improve
standards for workers via our risk-based approach. We are active members of external collaborations
such as the Ethical Trading Initiative (of which we are a founding member), Stronger Together, and the
Food Network for Ethical Trade which continue to support their members to drive continuous
improvement. Through these partnerships we engage with other retailers, NGOs, Trade Unions, and
suppliers to address risks, share best practice, investigate issues where appropriate, and establish
initiatives to achieve collective goals.

Monitoring Our Supply Chain

Improving labour standards is a responsibility that should be shared with all our suppliers. We expect
suppliers to operate responsibly, abiding to applicable local labour and employment laws and adhering
to our Standards for Suppliers. These standards are the cornerstone of our programme and lay out how
we expect our suppliers to respect foundational worker rights across the globe. Our Standards for
Suppliers are aligned to the ETI Base Code, an internationally recognised code of labour practice. Our
Supply Chain Monitoring Requirements and Guidance policy details how we monitor supply chain
compliance with our standards and how we will support suppliers to demonstrate continuous
improvement through the provision of guidance and resources.

We currently use third party social, safety, and environmental compliance audits to help us evaluate our
suppliers’ compliance to our standards and to manage risk in the supply chain. These audits seek to
monitor whether, among other things, workers are properly paid for the work they do, labour is

Page 50

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

voluntary, working hours are not excessive and are consistent with local laws, and facilities meet health
and safety laws and regulations. Whilst social audits still have a place within our programme, we
recognise their limitations and the need to move beyond audit to identify root cause. We will continue
to work with suppliers to help upskill and improve standards within their facilities through the provision
of guidance and access to tools and resources. In early 2025 we launched our new Transparency and
Supply Chain Monitoring Policy which articulates how in-scope sites achieve compliance with our
standards and expectations. This document represents a simplification of our approach to Responsible
Sourcing and better communicates the steps needed to drive standards, protect workers and address
risks within our supply chains. The Policy was launched in May 2025 following a detailed consultation
process with suppliers and partners.

Where an issue is identified in the supply chain, we are committed to working with suppliers and third
parties to understand the root cause and provide relevant guidance and resources to support thorough
investigation and remediation for impacted workers. We ask suppliers to close any non-compliances
raised in a social audit within the timelines recommended by the auditor. If this is not possible, we will
discuss the circumstances on a case-by-case basis and where there is both commitment and a clear action
plan to resolve the outstanding issues, we may agree an extension. We encourage our suppliers to apply
the same principles when working with their supply chain. Further examples of our approach to incident
management can be found in our annual Modern Slavery Statement, available on the Asda Corporate
website.

Anti-corruption and Anti-bribery Matters

Asda is committed to doing business in the right way and has a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and
corruption. Our anti-bribery team manage a risk-based compliance programme, covering areas such as
third party due diligence, gifts and hospitality and colleague training and awareness, all aimed at
ensuring we adhere to applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations.

The Strategic Report was approved by the Board of Directors on 23 July 2025 and signed on its
behalf by:

Michael Gleeson

Director

Page 51

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Directors’ Report

The Directors present their Report and the Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December
2024.

Statutory Disclosures

The following disclosures have been included elsewhere in this Annual Report and are incorporated
into the Directors’ Report by reference:

Disclosure area Page
Directors of the Company 3
Information on Asda’s potential exposure to financial risks, and financial 45-46
risk management policies

Likely future developments in the business of the company 14
Detail on the company’s training, career development and promotion of — 27-29
disabled persons

Information on the Company and Group’s communication and 26-30
engagement with employees
Summary of the directors’ regard for relationships with stakeholders 25-32

and key principal decisions

Page 52

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Going Concern

Notwithstanding the loss after tax for the year of £763. 1m (2023: profit after tax for the year of £165.2m)
and net current liabilities of £1,658.7m (2023: £1,587.0m), the financial statements for the year ended
31 December 2024 have been prepared on the going concern basis as the Directors have determined
that the Company has sufficient resources and liquidity facilities to meet its liabilities as they fall due
for a period of at least 12 months from the date of approval of the financial statements (‘the going
concern period’).

The directors have performed a going concern assessment which indicates that, in reasonably possible
downsides, the Company will require additional funds, through funding from its intermediate parent,
Bellis Finco PLC ("the Group"), or subsidiaries thereof, to meet its liabilities as they fall due for a period
of at least 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements, the going concern
assessment period.

The directors of Bellis Finco PLC (“the Group Directors”) have provided a letter of support to the
Company stating that Bellis Finco PLC will provide financial support to the Company to enable it to
continue to meet its liabilities as they fall due for the going concern period. As with any company
placing reliance on other group entities for financial support, the directors acknowledge that there can
be no certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval of these financial
statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so.

In assessing the Group’s ability to provide support to the Company, the Directors have reviewed the
Group's annual corporate planning process which includes profitability, cashflow and liquidity
forecasting and reforecasting in response to experience as the year progresses and have based their
projections for the going concern period on the latest FY25 Plan and extrapolated forecasts for a period
covering 12 months after approval of the financial statements.

Following the appointment of a new Executive Chairman (see page 25 in the Bellis Finco PLC
accounts), the announcement of the Group’s new strategy (see page 5 in the Bellis Finco PLC accounts)
and the investment required to fund a period with lower profits to restore volume growth in the business,
the FY25 plan will result in a material reduction in EBITDA and a modest increase in leverage in the
near term, which is expected to reverse as market share recovers and improves over time.

The plan takes account of the net cash outflow which resulted from refinancing activities on 1 July 2025
whereby £262m of 3.25% February 2026 senior secured notes, £40m of 4.5% February 2026 senior
secured notes and £500m of 4.0% February 2027 senior unsecured notes were repaid in full - including
interest accrued to that date — and €700m of 8.0% July 2031 Eurobonds were entered into and drawn
down on the same date. This has resulted in a net cash outflow, including interest and fees, of
approximately £227m (see note 26 — events after the balance sheet date — for further information).

The Group’s Treasury function ensures that the Group continues to have sufficient funding by
monitoring forecasts of the Group’s cash flows and maintaining a sufficient level of facilities via the
Revolving Credit Facility (RCF). Any capital repayments of long-term financing are forecast in the cash
flow model used in the going concern scenarios. Other than noted above, there are no significant
maturities of the Group’s long-term financing arrangements during the going concern period. The
Directors continue to assess how to best manage these medium-term and long-term maturities through
maintaining adequate facilities or refinancing to ensure the Group maintains a long-term sustainable
capital structure.

The Revolving Credit Facility remains undrawn at the year end and no utilisation is forecast in the base
case cash flow model for the going concern period. For more information on liquidity risk and maturity
of financial liabilities see Note 20 Financial Instruments in the Bellis Finco PLC accounts.

Page 53

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

At the year end, the Group held £4,654m of debt and £823m of cash, resulting in net debt of £3,831m.
For more information about the outstanding debt, see page 18 of the Bellis Finco PLC accounts. In May
2024 £3.4bn of debt was refinanced or repaid, using cash on hand to reduce borrowings. In December
2024, a further amount of £152m of new debt was drawn and in July 2025, £302m of 2026 senior
secured notes and £500m of senior unsecured notes were repaid in full whilst €700m of new 2031
Eurobonds were drawn down, resulting in a net cash outflow, including interest and fees, of
approximately £227m. As a result of these transactions, £3,603m of debt matures in 2030 and beyond.
Nearer term maturities relate to the 2028 Term Loan A (£162m) and the 2029 Apollo Facility (£684m).

At the date of approval of the financial statements, the outstanding borrowings of the Group are as
follows:

¢  £1,750m May 2030 Sterling Senior Secured Notes
© £162m October 2028 Term Loan A

e  €1,470m May 2031 Euro Term Loan B

¢ £684m October 2029 Apollo Facility

e €700m July 2031 Euro Term Loan B

In assessing the Group’s ability to continue to adopt the going concem basis, the Directors have tested
the ability of the Group to meet its liabilities as they fall due during the going concern period, in the
event of various cash flow scenarios, including a severe but plausible downside scenario. This scenario
applies severe but plausible economic downsides to our base case forecast, incorporating the inherent
risk in delivering the new strategy referred to above and, specifically, modelling the cumulative impact
of:

i. LFL sales and volume not recovering at the trajectory assumed in our base case plan, through change
in consumer preferences or a reputational incident;

ii. Food margin initiatives not being realised as quickly as planned;
iii. Non-Food margin declining;

iv. Retail productivity improvements taking longer to materialise and do not offset inflationary
pressure;

v. Project Future completion extending;
vi. Certain working capital benefits assumed in the base case unwinding or not being delivered; and
vii. Certain acquisition synergies not being achieved.

Mitigating actions that are in the control of management have been included in the scenario to offset
the above risks, such as reducing non-essential capital expenditure and discretionary spend in areas such
as marketing. The Group is subject to a maintenance covenant whereby the senior secured net leverage
ratio cannot exceed 4.90:1. This covenant is required to be tested if, as at the quarter end, drawings on
the RCF exceed 40% of the facility. The Directors have not been required to test compliance with this
covenant during the period nor in the period in between the Balance Sheet date and the date of approval
of these financial statements. In the severe but plausible downside scenario, the RCF is not drawn by
40% or more at any point. Therefore, the senior secured net leverage ratio is not required to be tested in
the going concern period.

The Directors have considered all of the factors noted above, including the inherent uncertainty in
forecasting the impact of the current economic environment, and are confident that the Group has
adequate resources to continue to meet all liabilities as and when they fall due for at least twelve months
from the date of approval of these financial statements. Accordingly, the financial statements are
prepared on a going concern basis.

Page 54

ASDA Stores Limited
Reports and Financial Statements
31 December 2024
Dividends
No dividends were paid during the year (2023: £nil).
Political Donations
The Company did not make any political donations during the year (2023: £nil).
Disclosure of Information to the Auditor

Each Director has taken steps that they ought to have taken as a Director in order to make themselves
aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company’s auditor is aware of that
information. The Directors confirm that there is no relevant information that they know of and of which
they know the auditor is unaware.

Reappointment of Auditor

The auditor KPMG LLP are deemed to be reappointed under section 487(2) of the Companies Act
2006.

Directors’ Liabilities

During the period, the Directors were insured against liability in respect of proceedings brought by third
parties, subject to the limitations set out in the Companies Act 2006.

Events since the Balance Sheet Date

Events since the balance sheet date are disclosed within the Strategic Report on page 14.

This report was approved by the Board of Directors on 23 July 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

Het 0Xo—_—

Michael Gleeson

Director

Page 55

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities in Respect of the Financial Statements

The Directors are responsible for preparing the annual report and the financial statements
in accordance with applicable United Kingdom law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial
period. Under that law the Directors have elected to prepare the financial statements in
accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United
Kingdom Accounting Standards and applicable law), including FRS 101 ‘Reduced
Disclosure Framework’ ("FRS 101"). Under company law the Directors must not approve
the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the
state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period.

In preparing these financial statements the Directors are required to:

¢ Select suitable accounting policies in accordance with IAS 8 Accounting Policies,
Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors and then apply them consistently;

© Make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

e Present information, including accounting policies, in a manner that provides
relevant, reliable, comparable and understandable information;

¢ Provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific requirements
in FRS 101 is insufficient to enable users to understand the impact of particular
transactions, other events and conditions on the company financial position and
financial performance;

¢  Inwhether applicable UK Accounting Standards, including FRS 101, have been
followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
financial statements;

¢ Prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is
inappropriate to presume that the Company will continue in business.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient
to show and explain the Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at
any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the
financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible for
safeguarding the assets of the Company and, hence for taking reasonable steps for the
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable law and regulations, the Directors are also responsible for preparing a
Strategic Report and Directors’ Report, that comply with that law and those regulations.

Page 56

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF ASDA STORES LIMITED

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of ASDA Stores Limited (“the Company’) for the year ended
31 December 2024 which comprise the Income Statement, Statement of Comprehensive Income,

Balance Sheet, the Statement of Changes in Equity and related notes, including the accounting policies
in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

« give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 December 2024 and of its
loss for the year then ended;

«have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 101
Reduced Disclosure Framework; and

have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”)
and applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical
responsibilities under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical
requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard as applied to other entities of public interest. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend
to liquidate the Company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's
financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material
uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at
least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”) as the
Company has received a letter of support from its parent entity Bellis Finco Plc.

We used our knowledge of the Company, its industry, and the general economic environment to identify
the inherent risks to its business model and analysed how those risks might affect the Company's
financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concern period. The risks that we
considered most likely to adversely affect the Company's available financial resources over this period
were:

- The ability to deliver on the Group's new strategy to restore volume growth in the business in
the timeframes assumed in the Group's 5 year plan.

- The impact of inflation and the associated increase in costs of living, which may result in a
reduction in customer demand;

- The impact of a decline in sales due to the high level of competition within the retail industry;
and

We also considered less predictable but realistic second order impacts, such as the erosion of customer
or supplier confidence, which could result in a reduction of available financial resources.

Given the level of financial resources, and the risks inherent in the cash flows, particularly the
achievement of revenue growth and execution of targeted cost savings, our evaluation of the directors’
going concern assessment was of particular significance in our audit.

We considered whether these risks could plausibly affect the liquidity or covenant compliance in the
going concern period by assessing the directors’ sensitivities over the level of available financial
resources indicated by the Company's financial forecasts taking account of severe, but plausible
adverse effects that could arise from these risks individually and collectively.

Page 57

Our procedures included assessing the financial position of Bellis Finco Plc to determine whether there
was a risk that it would not be able to provide support to the Company. The most recent Bellis Finco
Plc financial statements have concluded that it was appropriate to adopt the going concern basis with
no material uncertainty identified. In a severe but plausible downside for both the Company and the
Group, the Directors are confident the Company will continue to have adequate financial resources to
continue in operation and discharge its liabilities as they fall due over the going concern period.

We considered whether the going concern disclosure in note 1 to the financial statements gives a full
and accurate description of the directors’ assessment of going concern, including the identified risks
and related sensitivities.

Our conclusions based on this work:

we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of
the financial statements is appropriate;

* we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material
uncertainty related to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt
on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern period.

* we found the going concern disclosure in note 1 to be acceptable.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in
outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the
above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations - ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions
that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud.
Our risk assessment procedures included:

« enquiring of directors, the audit committee, internal audit and inspection of policy
documentation as to Company's high-level policies and procedures to prevent and detect fraud,
including the internal audit function, and the company’s channel for “whistleblowing”, as well as
whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.

« reading Board minutes.

* considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management.

« using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications
of fraud throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override
of controls, in particular the risk that management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting
entries. On this audit we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition, because
there is limited complexity and judgement involved in revenue recognition.

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.
We also performed procedures including:
¢ — Identifying journal entries and other adjustments to test based on risk criteria and comparing
the identified entries to supporting documentation. These included those posted by users who
do not typically post journals as part of their job role, key words, those posted to unusual or

unexpected account combinations (unusual double entries on certain accounts) and material
post-closing journals.

Page 58

identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement related to compliance with laws and
regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect
on the financial statements from our general commercial and sector experience and through discussion
with the directors (as required by auditing standards), and from inspection of the company's regulatory
and legal correspondence and discussed with the directors the policies and procedures regarding
compliance with laws and regulations.

As the Company is regulated, our assessment of risks involved gaining an understanding of the control
environment including the entity's procedures for complying with regulatory requirements.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any
indications of non-compliance throughout the audit. The potential effect of these laws and regulations
on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements
including financial reporting legislation (including related companies’ legislation), distributable profits
legislation and taxation legislation and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and
regulations as part of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-
compliance could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for
instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most
likely to have such an effect: groceries supply code of practice (GSCOP), health and safety, and certain
aspects of company legislation recognising the nature of the Company's activities. Auditing standards
limit the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry
of the directors and other management and inspection of regulatory and legal correspondence, if any.
Therefore, if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant
correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

For the Equal Value Claim matter discussed in note 23 of the financial statements we assessed
disclosures against our understanding from legal correspondence, review of the Walmart
indemnification agreement and meetings held with management, involving our legal specialists.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected
some material misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and
performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-
compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial
statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards would
identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as fraud may
involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls.
Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for
preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and
regulations.

Strategic report and directors’ report

The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors’ report. Our opinion on the
financial statements does not cover those reports and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider
whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated
or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

Page 59

. we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors’ report;

. In our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year ts consistent with the
financial statements; and
. In our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

e the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and retums; or

* certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 56, the directors are responsible for: the
preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such
internal control as they determine ts necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that
are free from matenal misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the company’s ability to
continue as a going concem, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the
going concem basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from matenal misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an
auditor's report. Reasonable assurance 1s a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect amatenal misstatement when it exists
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered matenal if, individually or in aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
the financial statements

A fuller descnption of our responsibilities 1s provided on the FRC’s website at
www. fre org uk/auditorsresponsibilities

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part
16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the
Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to
anyone other than the Company and the Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this
report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Adrian Wilcox (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

15 Canada Square

London

E14 5GL

24 July 2025
Page 60

Income Statement for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Year Ended

31 December

2024

Note £m

Revenue 2 23,773.8
Other income 3 58.6
Operating costs 4 (24,403.5)
Operating (loss)/profit (571.1)
Finance income 7 207.7
Finance costs 8 (471.0)
(Loss)/profit before tax (834.4)
Income tax credit/(expense) 9 13
(Loss)/profit after tax (763.1)

The above results were derived from continuing operations.

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.

Year ended
31 December
2023

£m

24,630.8
59.7

(24,176.5)

514.0
184.0
(480.6)

217.4

52.2)
165.2

Page 61

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Note

(Loss)/profit for the year

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or

loss

Total remeasurements on defined benefit obligation 20
Tax on items recognised directly in other comprehensive income 9

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss

Forward contracts:
Reclassification during the year to Income Statement 17

Net gain/(loss) during the year of the not-yet matured contracts 17

Tax on cash flow hedges recognised directly in other
comprehensive income 9

Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year

Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the year

The accompanying notes form part of these Financial Statements.

Year ended
31 December
2024

£m

(763.1)

09
(0.3)
0.6

11.0
23.8

(8.7)
26.1
26.7

(736.4)

Year ended
31 December
2023

£m

165.2

(0.1)
0.1

13.5
(34.1)

5a
(15.5)

15.5)
149.7

Page 62

Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2024

(Registration number: 00464777)

Assets

Non-current assets

Intangible assets

Property, plant and equipment

Investments

Amounts due from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent
Deferred tax assets

Right-of-use assets

Derivative assets

Current assets

Inventories

Trade, other receivables, amounts due from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of
the ultimate parent and derivative assets

Income tax asset

Cash and cash equivalents

Equity and liabilities
Share capital

Share premium

Cash flow hedge reserve
Other reserves

Retained earnings

Equity attributable to the shareholders
Liabilities

Non-current liabilities

Lease liabilities

Provisions

Employee benefits

Amounts owed to fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent
Derivative liabilities

Current liabilities
Trade, other payables, amounts owed to fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
ultimate parent and the ultimate parent and derivative liabilities

Lease liabilities
Provisions

Total liabilities
Total equity and liabilities

‘The accompanying notes form part of these Financial Statements.

‘Approved by the Board on 23 July 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

Mit k Xoe»—___

Michael Gleeson - Director

Note

10
in
13
15

12
15

14

15

16
7
17
17
17

18
19
20
21
21

21
18
19

Year ended 31 Year ended 31
December 2024 December 2023
£m fm
220.1 164.6
2,806.0 3,118.1
1,217.0 12178
1,099.8 984.6
1159 53.6
8,922.3 9,775.9
84 2
14,3895 153148
1,179.9 1,191.6
2.7478 2,402.1
7 15.1

: 288.1
3,935.4 3,896.9
18,3249 19.211.7
7516 7576
950.3 950.3
139 (12.2)
123.8 123.8

515.8 1,276.7,

23614 3,096.2

10,159.1 10,398.3
121.5 141.0
8.0 86
80.8 71.7

- ——__68
10,369.4 10,631.6
5,277.2 5,178.4
2712 266.5

39.7 39.0
3.9

15,963.5 16,115.5
24.9

Page 63

Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

At I January 2023

Profit for the year

Cash flow hedges -

reclassified during the year to
income statement

Cash flow hedges - net loss
during year on not-yet

matured contracts

‘Tax on cash flow hedges
recognised directly in other
comprehensive income 9
Total remeasurements on

defined benefit obligation 20
Tax on net actuarial losses
recognised directly in other
comprehensive income 9

Total comprehensive
income

Change in fair value of
share-based payments

At I January 2024

Loss for the year
Cash flow hedges -

reclassified during the year to
income statement

Cash flow hedges - net gain
during year on not-yet

matured contracts

‘Tax on cash flow hedges
recognised directly in other
comprehensive income 9
Total remeasurements on

defined benefit obligation 20
Tax on net actuarial gains
recognised directly in other
comprehensive income 9

Total comprehensive
expense

Change in fair value of
share-based payments

At31 December 2024

Cash flow
Share Other hedge
premium reserves reserve Total
£m £m £m £m
7576 950.3 123.8 33 2,945.6
- - - - 165.2
- - - 13.5 : 13.5
: : - 4.1) : 4.1)
: : : 5 : 5.1
. . - - @.1) 1)
: : mn on
: : (as.s) 1652 149.7
= 09 09
1576 9503 1238 (12.2) 1,276.7 3,096.2
. : : : (763.1) (763.1)
: - - 110 : 11.0
- - - 23.8 - 23.8
: - : (87) : (7)
- - - - 09 09
- ——— ——— - 3) __@3)
. - - 26.1 (762.5) (736.4)
ee LN
7576 950.3 123.8 139 5158 2361.4

The accompanying notes form part of these Financial Statements.

Page 64

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

1 Accounting policies

General information
The Company is a private company limited by share capital, incorporated and domiciled in England under the
Companies Act 2006 (registration number 00464777).

The address of the registered office is:
ASDA House

Southbank

Great Wilson Street

Leeds

LS115AD

UK

These financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board on 23 July 2025.

Statement of compliance with FRS 101

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced
Disclosure Framework (FRS 101) and in accordance with historical cost convention, the Companies Act 2006
and applicable accounting standards.

Summary of significant accounting policies and key accounting estimates
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

Basis of preparation
The Company has taken advantage of the exemption under s400 of the Companies Act 2006 not to prepare
group accounts as it is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bellis Finco PLC. The results of the Company are included
in the consolidated financial statements of Bellis Finco PLC, which are available from ASDA House, South
Bank, Great Wilson Street, Leeds, LS11 SAD. These financial statements are therefore separate financial
statements of the Company only.

The Company’s financial statements are presented in Sterling and all values are rounded to the nearest one
hundred thousand (£0.1m) except when otherwise indicated. The presentational currency is also the Company's
functional currency.

The key risks and opportunities arising from climate change are detailed in the Non-financial and Sustainability
Information Statement in the Strategic Report of the consolidated financial statements of Bellis Finco PLC ("the
Group"). These have been informed by the Group’s risk identification process, as described in the Principal
Risks and Uncertainties section of the Group Strategic Report. The risk assessment indicates that the potential
exposure to climate risks in the near-term is low, with lower to moderate potential risks in the medium term.

Management will continue to monitor climate-related risks, and any potential impact on the financial position of
the Group, as they evolve in future periods, through its risk management processes. Further detail is provided in
note 15 of the consolidated financial statements of Bellis Finco PLC of how the expected transition to
alternative fuel vehicles is expected to impact on the Group’s future cashflows, and how this has been taken into
account in the impairment tests performed in relation to the Group’s and the Company's long-lived assets.

Page 65

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Going concern

Notwithstanding the loss after tax for the year of £763.1m (2023: profit after tax for the year of £165.2m) and
net current liabilities of £1,658.7m (2023: £1,587.0m), the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
2024 have been prepared on the going concern basis as the Directors have determined that the Company has
sufficient resources and liquidity facilities to meet its liabilities as they fall due for a period of at least 12 months
from the date of approval of the financial statements (‘the going concern period’).

The directors have performed a going concern assessment which indicates that, in reasonably possible
downsides, the Company will require additional funds, through funding from its intermediate parent, Bellis
Finco PLC ("the Group"), or subsidiaries thereof, to meet its liabilities as they fall due for a period of at least 12
months from the date of approval of these financial statements, the going concern assessment period.

The directors of Bellis Finco PLC (“the Group Directors”) have provided a letter of support to the Company
stating that Bellis Finco PLC will provide financial support to the Company to enable it to continue to meet its
liabilities as they fall due for the going concern period. As with any company placing reliance on other group
entities for financial support, the directors acknowledge that there can be no certainty that this support will
continue although, at the date of approval of these financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it
will not do so.

In assessing the Group’s ability to provide support to the Company, the Directors have reviewed the Group's
annual corporate planning process which includes profitability, cashflow and liquidity forecasting and
reforecasting in response to experience as the year progresses and have based their projections for the going
concem period on the latest FY25 Plan and extrapolated forecasts for a period covering 12 months after
approval of the financial statements.

Following the appointment of a new Executive Chairman (see page 25 in the Bellis Finco PLC accounts), the
announcement of the Group’s new strategy (see page 5 in the Bellis Finco PLC accounts) and the investment
required to fund a period with lower profits to restore volume growth in the business, the FY25 plan will result
in a material reduction in EBITDA and a modest increase in leverage in the near term, which is expected to
reverse as market share recovers and improves over time.

The plan takes account of the net cash outflow which resulted from refinancing activities on 1 July 2025
whereby £262m of 3.25% February 2026 senior secured notes, £40m of 4.5% February 2026 senior secured
notes and £500m of 4.0% February 2027 senior unsecured notes were repaid in full - including interest accrued
to that date - and €700m of 8.0% July 2031 Eurobonds were entered into and drawn down on the same date.
This has resulted in a net cash outflow, including interest and fees, of approximately £227m (see note 26 -
events after the balance sheet date - for further information).

The Group’s Treasury function ensures that the Group continues to have sufficient funding by monitoring
forecasts of the Group’s cash flows and maintaining a sufficient level of facilities via the Revolving Credit
Facility (RCF). Any capital repayments of long-term financing are forecast in the cash flow model used in the
going concer scenarios. Other than noted above, there are no significant maturities of the Group’s long-term
financing arrangements during the going concern period. The Directors continue to assess how to best manage
these medium-term and long-term maturities through maintaining adequate facilities or refinancing to ensure the
Group maintains a long-term sustainable capital structure.

The Revolving Credit Facility remains undrawn at the year end and no utilisation is forecast in the base case

cash flow model for the going concern period. For more information on liquidity risk and maturity of financial
liabilities see Note 20 Financial Instruments in the Bellis Finco PLC accounts.

Page 66

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Going concern (continued)

At the year end, the Group held £4,654m of debt and £823m of cash, resulting in net debt of £3,831m. For more
information about the outstanding debt, see page 18 of the Bellis Finco PLC accounts. In May 2024 £3.4bn of
debt was refinanced or repaid, using cash on hand to reduce borrowings. In December 2024, a further amount of
£152m of new debt was drawn and in July 2025, £302m of 2026 senior secured notes and £500m of senior
unsecured notes were repaid in full whilst €700m of new 2031 Eurobonds were drawn down, resulting in a net
cash outflow, including interest and fees, of approximately £227m.

As a result of these transactions, £3,603m of debt matures in 2030 and beyond. Nearer term maturities relate to
the 2028 Term Loan A (£162m) and the 2029 Apollo Facility (£684m).

At the date of approval of the financial statements, the outstanding borrowings of the Group are as follows:

* £1,750m May 2030 Sterling Senior Secured Notes
* £162m October 2028 Term Loan A

* €1,470m May 2031 Euro Term Loan B

* £684m October 2029 Apollo Facility

* €700m July 2031 Euro Term Loan B

In assessing the Group’s ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis, the Directors have tested the
ability of the Group to meet its liabilities as they fall due during the going concern period, in the event of
various cash flow scenarios, including a severe but plausible downside scenario. This scenario applies severe but
plausible economic downsides to our base case forecast, incorporating the inherent risk in delivering the new
strategy referred to above and, specifically, modelling the cumulative impact of:

i. LFL sales and volume not recovering at the trajectory assumed in our base case plan, through change in
consumer preferences or a reputational incident;

Food margin initiatives not being realised as quickly as planned;

. Non-Food margin declining;

iv. Retail productivity improvements taking longer to materialise and do not offset inflationary pressure;

v. Project Future completion extending;

vi. Certain working capital benefits assumed in the base case unwinding or not being delivered; and

vii. Certain acquisition synergies not being achieved.

Mitigating actions that are in the control of management have been included in the scenario to offset the above
risks, such as reducing non-essential capital expenditure and discretionary spend in areas such as marketing. The
Group is subject to a maintenance covenant whereby the senior secured net leverage ratio cannot exceed 4.90:1.
This covenant is required to be tested if, as at the quarter end, drawings on the RCF exceed 40% of the facility.
The Directors have not been required to test compliance with this covenant during the period nor in the period in
between the Balance Sheet date and the date of approval of these financial statements. In the severe but
plausible downside scenario, the RCF is not drawn by 40% or more at any point. Therefore, the senior secured
net leverage ratio is not required to be tested in the going concern period.

The Directors have considered all of the factors noted above, including the inherent uncertainty in forecasting
the impact of the current economic environment, and are confident that the Group has adequate resources to
continue to meet all liabilities as and when they fall due for at least twelve months from the date of approval of
these financial statements. Accordingly, the financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.

Page 67

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Changes in accounting policy
None of the standards, interpretations and amendments effective for the first time from 1 January 2024 have had
a material impact on the financial statements.

New standards, interpretations and amendments not yet effective

Amendments to IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments

The Directors note the issuance in May 2024 by the IASB of amendments to IFRS 9 in relation to the date on
which financial assets and financial liabilities are derecognised, which is effective for financial years beginning
on 1 January 2026 with earlier application permitted. In particular, the Directors note that this guidance is likely
to lead to material impacts in relation to the balance sheet classification of electronic card payments made by
customers prior to or on the Balance Sheet date and received in the bank post the Balance Sheet date. Further,
the Directors note that there are potential material impacts relating to the timing of derecognition of trade and
other payables which are settled by electronic payments approved prior to or on the Balance Sheet date but for
which physical transfer of cash to third parties occurs after the Balance Sheet date. The former is likely to lead
to a reduction in cash and cash equivalents and the latter is likely to lead to an increase in cash and cash
equivalents with the net impact being dependent on the intra-week timing of the Balance Sheet date.

At 31 December 2024, electronic card payments from customers relating to sales made prior to or on the
Balance Sheet date which, in the vast majority of cases, settled on the first working day after the Balance Sheet
date totalled £68.7m. Furthermore, electronic payments to suppliers of the Company which were approved prior
to or on the Balance Sheet date and were settled on the first working day after the Balance Sheet date totalled
£168.9m. As such, the amendment to IFRS 9 would have resulted in a net increase in Cash and cash equivalents
of £100.2m, an increase in Trade and other receivables of £68.7m and increase in Trade and other payables of
£168.9m compared to the amounts reported in the Balance Sheet.

IFRS 18 - Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
The Directors are considering the impact of IFRS 18 on the presentation of the Company’s financial statements
from the effective date of 1 January 2027.

There are no other issued but not yet effective standards, interpretations and amendments, which have not been

applied in these financial statements, that will or may have a material impact on the Company financial
statements in the future.

Page 68

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Summary of disclosures exemption
The accounting policies which follow set out those policies which apply in preparing the Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2024.

The Company has taken advantage of the following disclosure exemptions under FRS 101:

+ The requirements of IFRS 7 ‘Financial Instruments: Disclosures’;

+ The requirements of paragraphs 91-99 of IFRS 13 ‘Fair Value Measurement’;

+ The requirement in paragraph 38 of IAS 1 ‘Presentation of Financial Statements’ to present comparative
information in respect of:

- Paragraph 79(a)(iv) of IAS 1;
- Paragraph 73(e) of IAS 16 ‘Property, Plant and Equipment’; and
- Paragraph 118(e) of IAS 38 ‘Intangible Assets’.

+ The requirements of paragraphs 10(d), 10(f), 16, 38A-D, 40A-D, 111 and 134-136 of IAS 1 ‘Presentation of
Financial Statements’;

+ The requirements of IAS 7 ‘Statement of Cash Flows’;

+ The requirements of paragraphs 30 and 31 of IAS 8 ‘Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates
and Errors’;

* The requirements of paragraphs 17 and 18A of IAS 24 ‘Related Party Disclosures’;

+ The requirements in IAS 24 ‘Related Party Disclosures’ to disclose related party transactions entered into
between two or more members of a group, provided that any subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is
wholly owned by such a member; and

* The requirements of paragraphs 130(A(ii), 130(A(iii), 134(d)-134(f) and 135(c)-135(e) of IAS 36
‘Impairment of Assets’.

Where applicable, equivalent disclosures are included in the consolidated financial statements of Bellis Finco
PLC, in which the Company is consolidated.

Page 69

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Judgements, estimates and assumptions

Management are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies
and reported assets and liabilities, income and expenses. Judgements, estimates and assumptions are continually
evaluated and are based on historical experience and various other factors, including expectations of future
events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

Significant judgements and critical accounting estimates
Significant judgements
TFRS 16 discount rate

IFRS 16 requires that lease liabilities are discounted at the interest rate implicit in a lease, or where this isn’t
available, the Company's incremental borrowing rate. The majority of the Company's leases do not include an
interest rate implicit in the lease, and therefore the incremental borrowing rate based on the incremental
borrowing rate of the Group is utilised to discount these lease liabilities.

The incremental borrowing rate is considered a key judgement and under IFRS 16 reflects the rate of interest a
lessee would incur to borrow over a similar term, with similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of
a similar value in a similar economic environment.

We consider the following factors in determining the incremental borrowing rate:

+ The risk free rate of return in the UK market; and,

+ The credit risk spread which reflects the additional risks associated with lending specifically to the Bellis Finco
PLC group ("the Group"), taking account of factors such as the Group's credit rating, the term of the lease, and
the geographic location.

The risk free rate is observable in the market and is the base of our calculation. However, there is significant
judgement in determining the additional credit risk spread specific to the Group on the basis that there is limited
market observable data on which to make this judgement, particularly for lease terms in excess of 10 years. As a
result we utilise rates from other geographical regions (e.g. US) for companies with a similar credit rating where
there is more market observable data on which to base our judgement. The geographical locations utilised,
alongside the specific data selected for inclusion are considered a key judgement.

Due to the extent of the Company's lease portfolio, small changes in discount rate can significantly impact the
accounting recognition and could result in a material difference to the right-of-use asset, lease liability, and
associated depreciation and interest charge recognised in the Income Statement.

Further, the Company has leases for a wide range of different terms, from | year to in excess of 100 years.
Judgement is used by the Company to apply a cap of 30 years to the discount rate on the basis that data relating
to loans for terms in excess of 30 years is rare and as such, no more reliable rate than a 30 year rate can be
determined.

The Company also applies judgement in determining the incremental borrowing rate on a quarterly basis.
Management have asserted that by updating the incremental borrowing rate on a quarterly basis, we ensure that
the discount rate used remains relevant, current and materially correct. Should events and conditions change in
the interim period we would consider whether the discount rate should be updated on a more frequent basis.

Page 70

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Supply Chain Finance

Judgement is made in determining whether balances under supply chain financing arrangements should be
classified as trade payables or as another line item on the Balance Sheet. In determining the classification, the
Company reviews each arrangement against a number of characteristics to assess whether the substance of
liabilities owed by the Company to the participating banks under the contractual terms of the arrangements is
consistent with other trade payables. These include:

+ Whether participation in the schemes is voluntary for suppliers;

+ Whether the Company is involved in the negotiations and agreements between the banks and suppliers or
artite agreements exist;

+ Whether payment terms have been extended outside industry norms for trade payables;

+ Whether interest is accrued on outstanding balances or fees are receivable by the Company;

+ Whether the banks require parent guarantees in respect of the Company's obligations;

+ Whether the Company retains its rights to offset credits or withhold payment.

The nature of the Company's liabilities under supply chain financing arrangements when considering these
characteristics supports classification of amounts owed by the Company under its supply chain financing
arrangements as trade payables. Accordingly, purchases of goods under supply chain financing arrangements are
recognised within operating costs.

Critical accounting estimates

Impairment of non-financial assets

The Company tests non-current assets for impairment as discussed in notes 10, 11, 12 and 13. Forecast
cashflows are used in the impairment models and estimates of long term growth rates are identified to
extrapolate cashflows past the 5 year planning horizon.

Estimation of store inventory losses

Adjustments to store inventory are recorded based on the results of physical inventory counts, which are
performed throughout the year by an independent third party. Store inventory losses arising between the dates of
physical counts and the balance sheet date are estimated and provided for as a percentage of sales arising
between physical inventory counts. The provision is recorded on store-by-store basis and takes into account
several factors - most notably the most recent physical inventory count result of the store analysed by trading
department.

The key reference point for estimating store inventory loss provisions at the Balance Sheet Date in the current
year and prior year is the most recent physical count. The provision for store inventory loss at 31 December
2024 is £87.1m (2023: £140.2m).

Store inventory losses are included in the cost of goods sold figure presented in the table in Note 4.

At 31 December 2024, an increase in the inventory loss provision amounting to 0.01% of sales since the most

recent physical count of each store would increase the provision for inventory loss at 31 December 2024 by
£0.8m (2023: £1.0m).

Page 71

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Other judgements, estimates and assumptions

Judgements

IFRS 16 lease term

IFRS 16 defines the lease term as the non-cancellable period of a lease together with the period covered by
options to extend the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the option, and the period covered by an
option to terminate the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain not to exercise the option. The Company applies
judgement to whether an extension should be added to the non-cancellable lease term with reference to the
following:

External Leases:

+ Extension options in the contract: consideration as to whether any option is reasonably certain to be
exercised is based on whether an economic incentive exists to do so. This incentive is assessed by reference
to multiple factors including but not limited to current operational performance of the site and future
performance projections, length of time to the option exercise date and future capital requirements. The
majority of the Company's property leases do not have extension options in the contract but, where they do,
most lease terms include the extension period.

* Geographical factors: a term extension on any lease for sites in England and Wales may be judged
reasonably certain on the basis of security of tenure if an economic incentive to remain in the lease beyond
the contractual term is deemed to exist. This incentive is assessed by reference to the same factors listed
above. If an extension is judged reasonably certain, the typical additional term applied is 10 years.
Geographical factors are not considered for sites outside England and Wales.

Intercompany leases:

+ Average life of the associated leasehold improvement assets: intercompany leases have a non-cancellable
lease term of 30 days but management do not expect to exercise the right to cancel beyond this point as long
as there is economic incentive for each site to continue trading. Intercompany lease terms are therefore
calculated with reference to the remaining life of associated leasehold improvements with remaining book
value, capped at 35 years.

In the event of changing circumstances or new information that may impact judgements taken, lease terms will
be re-assessed on a lease by lease basis. Term reassessments are identified on an ad-hoc basis in light of new or
updated information which would impact the assumptions originally recognised. Any change in lease term could
result in a recalculation of the lease liability and a material adjustment to the associated right-of-use asset. There
are 17 examples of term reassessment in 2024 which led to a £14.2m reduction in the right-of-use asset and
£14.2m reduction in the lease liability (2023: one term reassessment which resulted in a £4.1m reduction in the
right-of-use asset and £4.2m reduction in the lease liability).

Litigation

Judgement is made in determining whether any provision is required with regard to litigation. In accordance
with JAS 37, no provision is made where a loss is not considered to be probable; disclosures of relevant matters
are made in contingent liabilities (note 23).

Page 72

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Foreign currency
The presentational currency of the Company is Sterling. The primary functional currency of the parent and
subsidiary companies is also Sterling.

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of the transaction.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the Balance Sheet date are translated at the
foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Foreign exchange differences are recognised in the Income Statement,
except when hedge accounting is applied and differences are recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve.

Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
exchange rate reflecting the cost of settling any liabilities incurred in purchasing them, taking into account gains
and losses on foreign currency forward contracts where relevant.

Intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired are carried initially at cost. Following initial recognition, the historic cost model is
applied, with intangible assets being carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment
losses.

Software costs

Intangible assets include software costs. Software costs capitalised consist of both costs from third parties and
costs of internal resources involved in development activities. When considering whether software costs can be
capitalised, the Directors perform an assessment of whether the Company controls the underlying asset. Factors
considered when assessing whether the Company controls an asset include where and how the software is
hosted and the ability the Company has to make changes to the software.

Costs are only capitalised once a project is in the development stage and approval for the project as a whole to
be completed has been obtained. Costs incurred in the research stage are expensed as incurred. Integration costs
between different software are capitalised where it can be demonstrated that these are separate intangible assets
and control is evident.

In relation to Software as a Service (“SAAS”) contracts, where it cannot be demonstrated that the Company
controls the underlying assets’ development, costs incurred are immediately recognised as an expense in the
Income Statement other than software licence fees which are included in prepaid expenses and amortised over
the period of the respective licence. The factors noted above in relation to how the software is hosted and
whether the Company has the ability to make or direct changes directly to the underlying software as part of the
SAAS contract are considered as part of this assessment.

Where implementation costs are incurred as part of a SAAS contract, these implementation costs are separately
considered to identify whether they represent an intangible asset in their own right as detailed above. If the
Directors conclude that the implementation costs do not meet the recognition criteria of a separate intangible
asset, an assessment is then made as to whether the costs represent configuration of the software product or
customisation. If configuration, these costs are recognised in the Income Statement as incurred, whereas if
customisation the Directors will assess whether these should be recognised over the term of the SAAS contract
if they are not distinct from the underlying software product itself. Purchases of hardware are capitalised as
Property, Plant and Equipment.

Costs associated with interim software solutions which do not meet the Company's policy of a 3 year minimum
useful economic life are expensed as incurred.

Brand licenses

Brand licenses are recorded at fair value and are not amortised where they have an indefinite useful life. Brand
licenses are tested annually for impairment in accordance with IAS 36.

Page 73

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Amortisation
Intangible assets with a finite life have no residual value and are amortised on a straight line basis over their
expected useful lives, with charges included in operating costs, as follows:

Software and development costs 4 years

Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

Certain items of property, plant and equipment that had been revalued to fair value prior to 1 January 2004, the
date of transition to IFRSs, are measured on the basis of deemed cost, being the revalued amount at the date of
that revaluation.

Items of property, plant and equipment under construction are valued at cost and not depreciated. Depreciation
is charged from the date the assets are available for use.

All property, plant and equipment is reviewed for impairment where there is an indicator of impairment with
IAS 36 ‘Impairment of Assets’ as described in the ‘Impairment of non-financial assets’ policy below.

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the derecognition of the
asset is included in the Income Statement.

Depreciation

Depreciation is charged to the Income Statement on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each
part of an item of property, plant and equipment. Land is not depreciated. The estimated useful lives are as
follows:

Frechold properties 3-50 years
. Shorter of estimated useful life or lease

Leasehold improvements tem

Plant, equipment, fixtures and fittings Shorter of 3 - 50 years or the lease term

Page 74

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Impairment of non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the Company’s non-financial assets are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date to
determine whether there is any indication of impairment. Where an asset does not generate cash flows that are
independent from other assets, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit
(“CGU”) to which the asset belongs. A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash
inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. If any such
indication exists, the asset’s or CGU’s recoverable amount is estimated. Indefinite lived intangibles are tested
annually for impairment regardless of whether any indicators for impairment exist.

An asset’s or CGU’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and its value in
use. Where the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered to be
impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
of the time-value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Impairment losses on continuing operations are
recognised in the Income Statement in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired
asset.

The Company considers each store as a separate CGU. A CGU may include a combination of grocery store,
petrol filling stations ("PFS") and/or Foodservice outlet. The carrying value of each CGU includes property,
plant and equipment, lease right-of-use-assets, allocation of central assets and allocation of working capital.
Central assets including distribution warehouses and head office assets are allocated to CGUs using sales as the
benchmark to estimate level of use of these assets.

Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated to reduce the carrying amount of
the assets in the unit on a pro-rata basis. A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets that generates cash
inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets.

An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been
recognised.

Investments

In the Company’s financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less amounts written off.
Provisions against the underlying value of the investments in subsidiary undertakings is made where, in the
opinion of the Directors, there is impairment to the value of the underlying business.

Provisions

A provision is recognised in the Balance Sheet when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation
as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the
obligation, and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be made. If the effect is material,
provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current
market assessments of the time-value of money and, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability.

Page 75

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Leases

Company as a lessee

The Company assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease at inception of the contract. The Company
recognises a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease arrangements in which
it is the lessee, except for short-term leases (defined as leases with a lease term of 12 months or less). For
short-term leases, the Company recognises the lease payments as an operating expense on a straight-line basis
over the term of the lease unless another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which
economic benefits from the leased assets are consumed.

Lease liability
Lease liabilities are initially measured at the value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement
date, discounted to present value.

Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:

+ Fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

+ Variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate are initially measured using the minimum
guaranteed contractual increases;

+ The amount expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;

+ The exercise price of purchase options, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options; and,

+ Payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the exercise of an option to
terminate the lease.

Lease liabilities are presented as separate current and non-current amounts on the Balance Sheet.

ies are subsequently measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease
g the effective interest rate method) and by reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease
payments made.

The Company re-measures the lease liability (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use
asset) whenever:

+ The lease term has changed or there is a significant event or change in circumstances resulting in a change in
the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which case the lease liability is re-measured by
discounting the revised lease payments using the current discount rate;

+ The lease payments change due to changes in an index or rate or a change in expected payment under a
guaranteed residual value, in which cases the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
payments using a discount rate reflecting the revised imal guaranteed contractual increases; or,

+ A lease contract is modified and the lease modification is not accounted for as a separate lease, in which case
the lease liability is re-measured based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised
lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

Discount Rate

When discounting payments to present value, the Company uses the interest rate implicit in the lease if this rate
can be readily determined. For a small volume of high value leases, the rate implicit in the lease can be
calculated and has therefore been used.

Otherwise, for the majority of leases the rate used is based on an estimated incremental borrowing rate. Further

detail on the calculation of the incremental borrowing rate is detailed in the ‘Significant judgements and critical
accounting estimates’ section of this note under the heading ‘IFRS 16 discount rate’.

Page 76

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Right-of-use Assets

Right-of-use assets comprise the initial measurement of the corresponding lease liability, lease payments made
at or before the commencement day (including lease buy out payments made to previous tenants) less any lease
incentives received. They are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment
losses.

Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the lease term. If the lease includes an option to transfer ownership of
the underlying asset, or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Company expects to exercise a
purchase option, the related right-of-use asset is depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset.
Depreciation is charged from the commencement date of the lease. Right-of-use assets are presented as a
separate line in the Balance Sheet.

The Company applies IAS 36 to determine whether a right-of-use asset is impaired and accounts for any
identified impairment loss as described in the ‘Impairment of non-financial assets’ policy above.

Non-lease components and variable rent expense

As a practical expedient, IFRS 16 permits a lessee not to separate non-lease components, and instead account for
any lease and associated non-lease components as a single arrangement. The Company has taken this election
with the exception of IT and printer leases where other charges included in the contract (maintenance and
replenishment) are accounted for separately within related cost lines.

The primary non-lease components recognised within lease payments are property costs (service charges and
insurances) paid to landlords and included within the terms of lease contracts. These costs are included within
the lease payments at commencement date if fixed, or within variable rent expense as incurred if not. The
majority of these payments are variable and therefore not included in the lease liability.

As a lessee, the Company does not have any rent payment terms linked to sales or other variable metrics.

Company as a lessor
The Company enters into lease agreements as a lessor with respect certain owned and leased property. Leases
for which the Company is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of the lease
transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance
lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases. Rental income from operating leases, including the
effect of lease incentives, is recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Where the Company is an intermediate lessor, the head lease and sub-lease are accounted for as two separate
contracts and assessment of classification is made with reference to the right-of-use asset resulting from the
head lease rather than the underlying asset. The Company currently has no feases classified as finance where it
is the lessor.

Third party lessees are subject to credit checks prior to entering into a lease contract with the Company and may
be required to provide a guarantor depending on the outcome of these checks. Additionally, some leases contain
clauses enabling upwards revision of the rental charge according to prevailing market condition at points within
the lease contracts.

Page 77

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Financial instruments
Financial assets and liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes party to the contractual provisions of
the relevant instrument and derecognised when it ceases to be a party to such provisions.

Financial assets and liabilities

The Company classifies its financial assets and liabilities in the following categories: non-interest-bearing
financial assets, interest bearing receivables, non-interest-bearing financial liabilities, derivatives designated as
hedging instruments, interest-bearing borrowings, trade and other receivables, amounts due from fellow
wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables, and
amounts owed to fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent and the ultimate parent. The
Company's accounting policies relating to lease liabilities are described above.

Management determines the classification of its financial instruments at initial recognition.

All financial assets and liabilities are recognised initially at fair value. The Company assesses financial assets
for impairment using the expected credit losses model and recognises impairment losses as required.

Non-interest-bearing financial assets and interest-bearing receivables

These categories include trade and other receivables and current amounts due from fellow wholly-owned
subsidiaries of the ultimate parent which are held with the sole objective of collecting contractual cash flows and
are therefore carried at amortised cost. Amounts included in current assets are classified as such as the Directors
expect them to be settled within 12 months of the Balance Sheet date. For the amounts included in non-current
assets the Directors expect these to be settled in line with their contractual terms, which are more than 12
months after the Balance Sheet date.

Non- interest-bearing financial liabilities

The Company's non-interest-bearing financial liabilities include trade and other payables and current amounts
owed to fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent and the ultimate parent, which are recognised
at amortised cost.

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments
Derivative financial instruments (“derivatives”) are used to manage risks arising from changes in foreign
currency exchange rates.

Derivatives are stated at their fair value. The fair value of foreign currency derivative contracts is their market
value at the Balance Sheet date. Market values are calculated using mathematical models and are based on the
duration of derivative together with quoted market data including interest rates, foreign exchange rates and
market volatility at the Balance Sheet date.

For those derivatives designated as hedges and for which hedge accounting is applied, the hedging relationship
is formally designated and documented at its inception. This documentation identifies the risk management
objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge, the nature of the risk being hedged and how effectiveness will
be measured throughout its duration.

Page 78

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

All of the Company’s hedges are considered to be cash flow hedges, hedging exposure to variability in cash
flows that are either attributable to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly
probable forecast transaction. The Company uses forward currency contracts to hedge its exposure to foreign
currency risk in forecasted transactions and firm commitments.

For cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised directly
as other comprehensive income, while the ineffective portion is recognised in the Income Statement. For hedges
of foreign currency purchases the gain or loss is recognised within cost of goods sold. Amounts recognised in
other comprehensive income are transferred to the Income Statement when the hedged transaction affects profit
of loss.

If a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the amounts previously recognised in other
comprehensive income are transferred to the Income Statement. If the hedging instrument expires or is sold,
terminated or exercised without replacement or rollover, or its designation as a hedge is revoked, amounts
previously recognised in other comprehensive income remain in other comprehensive income until'the forecast
transaction occurs and are transferred to the Income Statement.

Interest-bearing borrowings

The Company's interest-bearing borrowings include amounts owed to fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
ultimate parent and are recorded initially at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequently,
these liabilities are carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Gains or losses arising on
repurchase, settlement or cancellation of liabilities are recognised respectively in finance income or finance cost.
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities except for those with contractual maturities greater than 12
months after the Balance Sheet date.

Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the Balance Sheet only when there is a
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or
realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Fair values

Fair value is determined using appropriate valuation techniques. Such techniques may include using recent
arm’s length transactions, reference to the current value of another instrument that is substantially the same,
discounted cash flow analysis or other valuation models.

Page 79

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Inventories

Inventories comprise goods for resale and goods not for resale and are stated at the lower of cost and net
realisable value. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price (excluding VAT) less all costs which
would need to be incurred to facilitate sale.

Goods for resale

Warehouse and fuel inventories are valued at weighted average cost. Inventories at retail outlets are valued
using the Retail Inventory Method. Store inventory quantity is maintained at retail value - by store, by operating
department - in store systems. An estimate of average cost is derived by removing average margin - calculated
by store and by operating department - from the retail valuation.

Expenditures incurred in acquiring the goods and bringing them to their existing location and condition
(including applicable supplier income, import duties and freight costs as appropriate) are included in
inventories.

Adjustments relating to inventory gains and losses in stores are recorded based on the results of physical
inventory counts, which are performed throughout the year by an independent third party. Store inventory losses
arising between the dates of physical counts and the balance sheet date are estimated and provided for based on
recent count results.

Adjustments to the carrying value of inventory are recorded when the net realisable value of inventory is
estimated to be lower than cost - for example, where items are slow moving or obsolete.

Goods not for resale
Goods not for resale primarily comprise fuel for own use and are valued at cost on a first in, first out basis.

Page 80

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Taxation

The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the Income Statement,
except that a change attributable to an item of income or expense recognised as other comprehensive income is
also recognised directly in other comprehensive income.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted
or substantively enacted at the Balance Sheet date.

Deferred tax is provided on all temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for

financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes except:

+ in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, where the timing of
the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences
will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and

+ deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be
available against which the asset can be utilised.

The amount of deferred tax provided is measured on an undiscounted basis based on the expected manner of
realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively
enacted at the Balance Sheet date.

In line with the requirements of IAS 12 - Income Taxes, provisions will be recognised for uncertain tax
positions where a risk of an additional tax liability is identified and it is probable that the Company will be
required to settle that tax. This will be measured based on management’s expectation of the outcome of
decisions by the relevant tax authority, assessed on a case-by-case basis using in-house tax experts, professional
firms and previous experience.

Trade, other receivables and amounts due from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent
Trade and other receivables are stated at their original invoiced value (discounted if material) and reduced by
appropriate allowances for estimated irrecoverable amounts. Impaired debts are derecognised when they are
assessed as uncollectible. Trade receivables are presented net where a legally enforceable right of set off exists
and where we routinely settle payments to suppliers net of amounts receivable.

Current amounts due from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent are interest bearing (0% -
6%), unsecured, are repayable on demand and are measured at amortised cost. Non-current amounts due from
fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent are interest bearing (3.85% - 9.10%), unsecured and
repayable at their maturity dates.

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances, credit and debit card receivables and short-term deposits. In
the vast majority of cases, credit and debit card receivables are settled on the first working day after the Balance
Sheet date.

Trade, other payables and amounts owed to fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent and
the ultimate parent

Trade and other payables are non-interest bearing and are stated at their nominal value. Amounts owed to fellow
wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent and the ultimate parent are stated at their nominal value.
Current amounts owed to fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent and the ultimate parent are
interest bearing (0% - 6%), unsecured and are repayable on demand. Non-current amounts owed to fellow
wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent are interest bearing (3.85%), unsecured and payable at their
maturity dates. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand, to the extent that they are used, are included as a
component of current liabilities.

Page 81

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs are recognised in the Company's Income Statement except for costs that are directly
attributable to the construction of buildings which are capitalised and included within the initial cost of a
building. Capitalisation of borrowing costs ceases when the property is ready for use. The interest rate applied is
based on the average rate of general borrowings outstanding during a period.

Defined contribution pension plans
Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an operating expense in the
Income Statement as incurred.

Defined benefit pension assets and liabilities

The Company’s liabilities in respect of the Unapproved Unfunded Retirement Benefits Scheme ("UURBS") are
calculated by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in
prior periods; that benefit is discounted to determine its present value. The calculation is performed by a
qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method.

The expense relating to the unwind of the discount on the liabilities is recognised within finance costs. Actuarial
gains and losses are recognised in full in the Statement of Other Comprehensive Income in the period in which
they occur.

Share based payments

During 2022, management shares in the immediate parent company of the Bellis Finco PLC Group ("the
Group") were issued to eligible members of senior management employed by the Group as part of a
Management Incentive Plan (“MIP”) in exchange for proceeds determined by an independent calculation of fair
value at the issue date. Under the MIP, an intermediate holding company of the Group - Bellis Midco 2 Limited
~ has entered into an agreement with the holders of MIP management shares (“MIP scheme members”) whereby
MIP scheme members are granted a put option which, when exercised, enables them to sell their management
shares to Bellis Midco 2 Limited or another non-Group entity for a value determined by an independent
valuation determined at the exercise date.

During the year, due to the acquisitions in 2023 of Arthur Foodstores Limited and Asda Express (Jersey)
Limited, there was a requirement to update the base equity value of the shares. The mechanism for this was a
redemption of the original MIP shares in exchange for the issuance of replacement MIP shares, incorporating
the updated base equity value. The shares issued during the year substantially replicate the rights of the original
MIP shares and no cash consideration was paid to the holders of management shares. Furthermore, the issue
price of the shares issued during the year is equal to the issue price of the original shares issued and the fair
value of management shares issued during the year is in line with the grant date fair value of the original MIP
shares. At the date on which shares were issued during the year, the number of shares issued to existing
participants was equal to the number of management shares they were holding at that date. Taking these factors
into account, the issue of shares during the year and the cancellation of the original management shares held at
the date of issuance has been accounted for as a modification. The Directors have updated their assessment of
fair value and determined that there is no impact on the charge to the Income Statement.

MIP scheme members are required to be employed by the Group at the grant date of the MIP shares. If a
member of the scheme ceases to be employed by the Group during the vesting period, Bellis Midco 2 Limited, a
parent of Bellis Finco PLC, has the option to repurchase, or nominate another entity of the Group to repurchase,
the shares during the 12-month period after the member’s leave date. As such, the Directors have determined
that the MIP scheme falls within the scope of IFRS 2. The difference between the IFRS 2 fair value and the fair
value paid by MIP scheme members at the grant date is expensed over the vesting period (i.e. the period from
date on which the MIP shares are granted to the estimated exercise date) as an expense in the Income Statement.

As neither MIP shares nor put options over MIP shares are issued by the Company or other entities within the
Group, and as there is no recharge agreement in place which requires the Company or any other entity within
the Group to settle liabilities in respect of MIP shares, changes in the fair value of MIP shares are accounted for

on an equity-settled basis.
Page 82

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Revenue recognition
Revenue from store and online sales

Revenue represents sales to customers through retail outlets and online, excluding value added tax. Revenue is
recognised net of customer returns, ASDA Rewards pounds earned, colleague and Blue Light discounts,
coupons and the free element of multi-save transactions. Revenue is recognised at the point at which the
Company has satisfied its performance obligations under a contract with the customer and control of the goods
has passed to the customer. For non-fuel and fuel revenue generated through customer sales in retail outlets and
online, proceeds are recovered from the customer either immediately through the receipt of cash at the point of
sale or on settlement of card transactions which occurs one working day after the point of sale in the vast
majority of cases. For store sales, revenue is recognised at the point of sale as that is the point at which the
Directors determine that control of the goods has passed to the customer.

For online grocery sales and online non-food sales which are fulfilled by Click & Collect, revenue is recognised
at the point of goods being accepted by the customer. For online non-food sales which are fulfilled by direct
delivery to the customer, revenue is recognised at the point of despatch, as this is the point at which the
Directors determine that control of the goods has passed to the customer.

Wholesale revenue - Grocery

The Company engages in wholesale of grocery items to third party wholesale partners who subsequently sell
these goods to third party customers in their own retail outlets. As part of these arrangements, the Company
receives goods from third party suppliers into its distribution network and assumes responsibility for delivery of
goods to the retail outlets of the wholesale partners. The Company also assumes inventory risk for the period
from supplier deliveries of goods into the Company’s distribution network to the point at which delivery of
goods to wholesale partners’ retail sites is completed. Wholesale revenue is recognised when goods are
delivered to the wholesale customers’ retail outlets as this is the point at which the Company has satisfied its
performance obligations under its contracts with the wholesale partners. Due to the nature of these
arrangements, the Directors consider that the Company is acting as principal in the sale of goods to wholesale
partners and as such, revenue is recognised on a gross basis, net of VAT, according to the consideration received
by the Company from the wholesale partners.

Wholesale revenue - Fuel

The Company acts as an agent on behalf of certain wholesale partners in the procurement of fuel for sale in the
retail outlets of those partners. Under these arrangements, fuel is delivered directly to the retail outlets of the
wholesale partners by third party suppliers. The Company settles liabilities to third party fuel suppliers in
respect of these purchases and is reimbursed by wholesale partners for payments to the third-party suppliers,
including a commission. The Company does not take physical ownership of fuel delivered to wholesale partners
through these arrangements, has no direct involvement in the distribution of the fuel inventory between the
third-party suppliers and the wholesale partners and assumes no inventory risk. Due to the nature of these
arrangements, the Directors consider that the Company is acting as an agent and accordingly, revenue is
recognised on a net basis according to the value of the commission received by the Company from the
wholesale partners, excluding VAT. Commission revenue is recognised at the point that the Company
determines that the third-party suppliers have delivered fuel to the sites of the wholesale partners as that it the
point at which the Company recognises a liability to the third-party supplier for the fuel and simultaneously is
the point at which the Company becomes entitled to reimbursement by the wholesale partner. As such, that is
the point at which the Directors determine that the Group has satisfied its contractual performance obligations to
the wholesale partners.

The Company's principal wholesale partner for Grocery and Fuel is Asda Express Limited ("AEL") which is a
related party of the Company by virtue of both entities being under the common control of the ultimate
shareholders. Detail of the Company's transactions with AEL is provided in note 24.

Page 83

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

1 Accounting policies (continued)

Income from concessions and commissions
Income from concessions and commissions is based on the terms of the contract and is included within other
income (see note 3 for further details).

Interest and dividend income
Interest income is recognised in the Income Statement as it accrues, using the effective interest method.

Dividend income is recognised in the Company's profit on the date the Company’s right to receive payments is
established.

Supplier income

Supplier incentives, rebates, fixed income and discounts (collectively known as “supplier income”) are
recognised, as a deduction from cost of goods sold, as they accrue in accordance with the terms of each relevant
supplier agreement. All supplier income is supported by agreements and, in the majority of instances, these
agreements begin and end within the Company’s financial year. In a small number of instances, contractual
periods may extend over the Company’s year end. In such cases the amount of any income accrued in relation to
these agreements is supported by detailed calculations.

Supplier income is split into three classifications:

* Supplier incentives and discounts ~ which are usually expressed in the supplier agreement as an agreed
amount per item sold. This type of supplier income is mechanically calculated and therefore no judgement is
required in determining the amount of income to record in the financial year;

* Annual supplier rebates - these are earned and billed within the Company’s financial year in the majority of
cases. The rebates are linked to pre-agreed volumes of sales or purchases of specific products and are
supported by explicit contractual terms; and,

+ Fixed amount supplier income - this is earned and billed within the Company’s financial year in the majority
of cases. Fixed monetary amounts are agreed with suppliers relating to certain promotional activities
including, for example, new product listings, increased product distribution or specific promotional events.

Unbilled amounts of income to which the Company is contractually entitled are included in trade and other
receivables, or offset against corresponding trade payables, however these amounts are not material. Billed
amounts unpaid at year-end are included in trade receivables or offset against corresponding trade payables
where a contractual right of offset exists.

Supplier income recognised in the Income Statement and accounted for within trade receivables (note 15) at the
year-end for which estimation and judgement is required is £1.3m (2023: £0.9m). This represents the net amount
of accrued income of £1.3m (2023: £0.9m) and deferred income of £nil (2023: £nil) on deals running across the
year-end.

Dividend distributions
Dividend distributions to the Company’s shareholders are recognised as a liability in the Company’s financial
statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s shareholders.

Contingent liabilities

The Company may, from time to time, be subject to legal proceedings. Where a liability is not probable or the
amount cannot be reasonably estimated, a liability is not recognised. However, where a loss is considered
probable but a liability is possible and may be material, such matters are disclosed as contingent liabilities.

Page 84

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

2 Revenue
The analysis of the Company's revenue for the year from continuing operations is as follows:

Year ended Year ended

31 December 31 December

2024 2023

£m £m

Sale of goods 21,233.9 21,615.8
Fuel 2,539.9 3,015.0

23,773.8 24,630.8

3 Other income

The analysis of the Company's other income for the year is as follows:

Year ended Year ended

31 December 31 December

2024 2023

£m £m

Concession and commission income 47.1 48.3
Rental income 11.5 11.4
Total other income 58.6 59.7

Concession and commission income mainly relates to commission income earned through concessions and
in-store variable rental income.

Rental income relates to income earned by the Company as a lessor from sites located in the proximity of certain
stores.

Page 85

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

4 Operating costs
The operating (loss)/profit from continuing operations is stated after (charging)/crediting the following:

Year ended Year ended
31 December 31 December
2024 2023
Note £m £m
Cost of goods sold (18,071.8) (8,731.3)
Project Future costs (iii) (309.4) (240.5)
Restructuring costs (ii) 6 (27.2) -
Other operating costs (i) (1,642.5) (1,828.5)
Employment costs 6 (2,918.5) (2,871.2)
Amortisation of intangible assets 10 (35.2) (65.7)
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment i (311.8) (301.2)
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 12 (433.0) (475.5)
Gain on sale of property, plant and equipment 3.5 24
Impairment (charge)/reversal relating to property, plant H
and equipment (199.9) 814
Impairment (charge)/reversal relating to right-of-use assets 12 (457.7) 270.2
Impairment charge relating to investments 13 : (16.6)
Total operating costs (24,403.5) (24,176.5)

Fees payable to the Company's auditors for the audit of the Company were £0.1m (2023: £0.1m).

(i) Other operating costs include various expenses associated with operating the business. These include but are
not limited to business rates, property maintenance, energy and utility costs, third-party transport costs,
marketing expenses and insurance.

(ii) Relates to a head office restructuring programme enacted during the current year, These costs are included
in employment costs in note 6.

(iii) Since the acquisition of ASDA Group Limited in the period ended 31 December 2021, the Bellis Finco PLC
Group has embarked on a programme, Project Future, to separate its IT systems from its previous owner
Walmart. See the Bellis Finco PLC Annual Report and Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail
around this programme and the associated costs.

5 Directors’ remuneration

Total remuneration paid to directors of the Company during the year was £1.0m. This remuneration relates to
short term employee benefits. The remuneration of the directors is in respect of their services to the Bellis Finco
PLC Group as a whole for the period of time they were directors of the Company. It is not possible to allocate
their remuneration to the companies within the Group. The number of Directors who served during the year and
were entitled to receive shares under long-term incentive schemes was four (2023: three).

The amount in relation to the highest paid director was £0.8m.

No directors were a deferred member of the defined benefit scheme (2023: none)

Page 86

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

6 Employee numbers and costs

The average number of persons employed by the Company (including Directors) during the year, analysed by

category was as follows:
Year ended

31 December
2024
No.

Total
Retail & Distribution 126,242

Home offices 4,785
131,027

The aggregate payroll costs (including Directors' remuneration) were as follows:

Year ended

31 December

2024

Note £m

Wages and salaries 20 2,597.5
Restructuring costs 20 27.2
Share-based payment expenses 20 16
Social security costs 20 186.4
Other pension costs 20 133.0
2,945.7

Year ended
31 December
2023

No.

130,926
4,985

135,911

Year ended
31 December
2023

im

2,577.1

0.9

165.9

127.3

2,871.2

Other pension costs comprise the cost of the defined contribution schemes. All pension-related costs and income

are disclosed in note 20.

Page 87

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

7 Finance income

Bank interest receivable

Dividend income from subsidiary undertakings

Interest receivable on amounts due from fellow wholly-owned
subsidiaries of the ultimate parent

Other finance income

8 Finance costs

Asset retirement obligations discount unwind

Interest payable on amounts owed to fellow wholly-owned
subsidiaries of the ultimate parent

Interest on lease liabilities
Net interest cost on pension scheme
External interest payable

Note

20

Year ended
31 December
2024

£m

0.4

45.0

159.3
3.0

207.7

Year ended
31 December
2024

£m

33

67.1
400.2
0.4

471.0

Year ended
31 December
2023

£m

12
60.0

122.8

184.0

Year ended
31 December
2023

£m

3.1

772
399.4
0.4
0.5

480.6

Page 88

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

9 Income tax
Tax charged/(credited) in the Income Statement:

Year ended Year ended
31 December 31 December
2024 2023
im £m
Current taxation
UK corporation tax on (loss)/profit for the year - 0.4
Deferred taxation
Arising from origination and reversal of temporary differences (60.1) 55.2
Arising from previously unrecognised tax loss, tax credit or temporary
difference of prior periods (11.2) (6.5)
Arising from changes in tax rates and laws - 31
Total deferred taxation 71.3) 51.8
Tax (credit)/expense in the Income Statement (71.3) $2.2

The standard rate of corporation tax in the United Kingdom for the period ended 31 December 2024 is 25%
(2023: 23.5%). On 1 April 2023, the standard rate of corporation tax increased to 25%.

The Company has applied the mandatory temporary exemption to recognising and disclosing information about
deferred tax assets and liabilities related to top-up income taxes, as included in the amendment to IAS 12.

Page 89

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

9 Income tax (continued)

A reconciliation of the total tax charge compared to the standard and blended rate of corporation tax in the UK.

of 25.0% (2023: 23.5%) applied to the (loss)/profit before tax is as follows:

Year ended

31 December

2024

£m

(Loss)/profit before tax (834.4)

Corporation tax at standard rate (208.6)

Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 77

‘Non-qualifying depreciation 6.0

Profit on sale of non-qualifying fixed assets (0.8)

Adjustments in respect of prior periods (11.2)

Change in tax rate -

Losses surrendered to fellow group undertakings for no payment 115.0

Enhanced capital allowance deduction -

Dividends received (11.3)

Non-qualifying impairment 31.9

Total tax (credit)/charge for the year (71.3)
Tax on items (charged)/credited to the Statement of Comprehensive Income

Year ended

31 December

2024

fm

Deferred tax (charge)/credit on pensions (0.3)

Deferred tax (charge)/credit on cashflow hedges (8.7)

Total tax on items (charged)/credited to the statement of comprehensive
income (9.0)

Year ended
31 December
2023

£m

217.4

51.1
8.3
7.0

(10.3)
(6.2)
32
21.3
(0.3)
(14.1)
(7.8)

52.2

Year ended
31 December
2023

£m

Ol

5.1

5.2

Page 90

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

9° Income tax (continued)

Deferred tax
Current year deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:
Net deferred tax
Asset Liability asset
im £m £m
Property, plant and equipment - (75.6) (75.6)
Employee benefits 2.0 - 2.0
Provisions 17.6 - 17.6
Cash flow hedges - (4.6) (4.6)
Capital losses 5.7 - 5.7
Intangible assets - (40.1) (40.1)
Right-of-use assets 9.6 - 9.6
Trading losses 201.3 : 201.3
Net tax assets/(iabilities) 2362 (120.3) 115.9

Prior year deferred tax asset and liabilities are attributable to the following:

Net deferred tax

Asset Liability asset

£m £m £m
Property, plant and equipment - (84.1) (84.1)
Employee benefits 46 - 46
Provisions 15.3 - 15.3
Cash flow hedges 4.0 - 4.0
Capital losses 3.8 - 38
Intangible assets - (19.4) (19.4)
Right-of-use assets 10.1 - 10.1
Trading losses 119.3 : 119.3
157.1 (103.5) 53.6

Net tax assets/(liabilities)

Certain properties have been revalued to their fair value prior to 1 January 2004. The tax base of certain land
and buildings has also been adjusted to include within it any rolled-over gains which might subsequently
become chargeable on a future sale of relevant properties. Where it has been calculated that indexation
allowance exists to reduce the temporary difference on these assets, no deferred tax liability is recognised to the
extent that indexation allowance is available. Deferred income tax assets have been recognised in respect of all
income tax losses and other temporary differences giving rise to deferred income tax assets because it is
probable that these assets will be recovered, with the exception of certain capital losses.

A deferred tax asset has been recognised on trading losses as the company is forecast to have future taxable
profits which will allow the losses to be utilised, and the deferred tax asset to unwind. These attributes can be
carried forward indefinitely.

The Company has unrecognised capital losses of £13.8m (2023: £22.0m) available to reduce future capital
gains. No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of these capital losses due to uncertainty of when
they may be utilised. A deferred tax asset has been recognised at 31 December 2024 in relation to trading losses
carried forward of £805.2m (2023: £476.4m). We expect to utilise these losses through the reversals of existing
taxable temporary differences and future forecast taxable profits. These attributes can be carried forward
indefinitely.

Page 91

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

9 Income tax (continued)

Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date. In considering recoverability, the Group assesses the
likelihood of the tax losses being recovered within a reasonably foreseeable timeframe. It is forecast the tax

losses will be used in 5 years.

Sensitivity analysis has also been performed based on various scenarios, including scenarios with lower profits
than forecast. In these scenarios, the taxable profits forecast still supported recoverability of the trading losses.

1 January 2024

Property, plant and equipment (84.1)
Employee benefits 46
Provisions 15.3
Cash flow hedges 4.0
Capital losses 3.8
Intangible assets (19.4)
Right-of-use assets 10.1
Trading losses 119.3

Net tax assets/(liabilities) 53.6

Recognised in
other

Recognised in comprehensive
income

income

(0.3)
67)

(9.0)

31 December
2024

(75.6)

2.0

17.6

(4.6)

5.7

(40.1)

9.6

201.3

115.9

Deferred tax movement in the prior year:

1 January 2023

Property, plant and equipment (78.9)
Employee benefits 43
Provisions 14.9
Cash flow hedges (1.2)
Capital losses 3.8
Intangible assets (18.8)
Right-of-use assets 10.6
Trading losses 165.5

100.2

Recognised in
income

(5.2)
0.2
0.4
0.1

(06)
(0.5)

(46.2)

(51.8)

Recognised in
other
comprehensive
income

0.1

5.1

31 December
2023
(84.1)

Net tax assets/(liabi

Page 92

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

10 Intangible assets

Software and
development
Brand licence costs Other Total
£m £m £m £m
Cost or valuation
At | January 2024 31.9 289.4 0.1 321.4
Additions - 93.9 - 93.9
Disposals (35.1) (35.1)
At 31 December 2024 319 348.2 01 380.2
At | January 2024 14.6 142.1 0.1 156.8
Amortisation charge - 35.2 - 35.2
Amortisation eliminated on
disposals : G19) : (31.9)
At 31 December 2024 14.6 145.4 0.1 160.1
Carrying amount
At 31 December 2024 17.3 202.8 : 220.1
At 31 December 2023 17.3 147.3 - 164.6

The George brand licence has a carrying value of £17.3m (2023: £17.3m).
Software and development costs are amortised on a straight line basis over their estimated useful life of 4 years.

Software additions in 2024 include development costs associated with the ongoing project to implement new
systems following separation from Walmart in 2021.

Impairment testing of George brand licence

This asset relates to the acquisition in 2006 of a perpetual licence to use the George brand in the UK and
elsewhere in Europe and has a carrying value of £17.3m (2023: £17.3m). This has been tested for impairment as
at 31 December 2024 by assessing the present value of forecasted cash flows arising from the George clothing
business.

The recoverable amount is determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow projections from
financial budgets approved by senior management covering a five-year period. The post-tax discount rate
applied to the cash flow projections is 8.0% (pre-tax 10.7%) alongside a long term growth rate of 2.0%.

Based upon calculations performed and sensitivity analysis undertaken, management believe that no reasonably

possible change in any of the above key assumptions would cause the recoverable amount to be lower than the
carrying value of the George brand licence.

Page 93

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

11 Property, plant and equipment

Cost or valuation

At | January 2024
Additions

Disposals

Transfers from Assets
Under Construction

Transfers
At 31 December 2024

Accumulated depreciation
and impairment

At | January 2024

Charge for the year
Disposals

Transfers

Impairment charge

At 31 December 2024

Net book value

At 31 December 2024

At 31 December 2023

Assets held for sale

Plant,
equipment,
Freehold Leasehold —fixturesand Assets under

properties improvements fittings construction Total
£m £m £m £m £m
2,823.4 1,315.7 1,757.7 46.8 5,943.6
7712 - 85.9 80.9 244.0
(54.4) (17.9) (184.4) (1.3) (258.0)
23.6 - 54.3 (77.9) -
(12.9) 14.2 (3) - -
2,856.9 1,312.0 1,712.2 48.5 5,929.6
1,047.6 692.1 1,085.8 - 2,825.5
81.3 32.0 198.5 - 311.8
(17.4) (1.3) (194.9) - (213.6)
- (0.1) 0.1 - -
136.0 32.7 312 : 199.9
1,247.5 755.4 1,120.7 : 3,123.6
1,609.4 556.6 591.5 48.5 2,806.0
1,775.8 623.6 671.9 46.8 3,118.1

At 31 December 2024, the carrying value of assets held for sale included in the property, plant and equipment
was £4.2m (2023: £5.1m). An impairment charge of £1.6m has been recognised on assets held for sale (2023:

£nil).

Page 94

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

11 Property, plant and equipment (continued)

Impairment
In accordance with IAS 36, the Company has assessed each store CGU against the following impairment
triggers to determine whether there is an indicator of impairment:

a) Negative cashflows (after allocation of all relevant central costs) generated by CGUs in the preceding twelve
months

b) Adverse cashflow performance against budget and year-on-year cashflow deterioration

c) Specific CGU qualitative factors such as environmental damage and store closure

For each store CGU that has shown an indicator of impairment as at 31 December 2024, the Group determined
the recoverable amount under both fair value less cost of disposal (FVLCD) and value-in-use. The recoverable
amount under fair value has been determined through a third-party valuation and the recoverable amount under
value-in-use has been determined using a discounted cash flow model. The carrying value of each CGU has
been assessed against the recoverable amount under both FVLCD and value-in-use and the higher of the two has
been used to determine the impairment charge. For CGUs where the Group has recognised an impairment
charge or reversal in the year or prior year, the recoverable amount is disclosed below.

Year Ended 31 Year Ended 31
December 2024 December 2023
Recoverable amount
Value-in-use 616.9 2,018.2
Fair value less cost of disposal 373.6 72.7
990.5 2,090.9

Fair value:
For freehold sites a vacant possession valuation was performed with the support of external property valuers.

Key estimates in these valuations include market rental and yield assumptions. For leasehold sites, the fair value
of the CGU was determined through fair valuing both the third-party right-of-use asset and any leasehold
improvements on the site.

The fair values are considered Level 3 fair values under IFRS 13 as the input includes both market-corroborated
inputs and the entity’s own data adjusted for market participant assumptions.

Page 95

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

11 Property, plant and equipment (continued)

Value-in-use:

The value-in-use is calculated using the following methodology:

- Estimates of future cashflow performance - the cash flow models are prepared based on the Bellis Finco PLC
Group's ("the Group's") five-year planning process and are extrapolated beyond five years using estimated long
term average growth rate of 2%

- Key assumptions in the Group’s five-year planning process include the rate of Grocery market growth (sales
volumes) and the Group’s participation of this growth, gross margin performance and SG&A cost inflation

- The assumptions used in the cash flow forecasts reflect management’s current climate strategy

- Discount rate - the pre-tax discount rates applied to the cash flow projections are between 8.9% and 9.3%
(2023: 8.1% - 8.9%)

- Allocation of all relevant central costs to each location on a reasonable and consistent basis

The Directors have considered the risks and opportunities facing the business in assessing the sensitivities to the
value-in-use calculation and determined that the calculation is most sensitive to change in the discount rate,
long-term growth rate, market growth assumptions and CGU fair values.

At 31 December 2024, the Company has recognised an impairment charge of £199.9m including the £1.6m of
impairment on assets held for sale discussed above (2023: £81.4m reversal).

Sensitivities on property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets
Discount rate

- For the year ended 31 December 2024, an increase in the discount rate by 1%, would result in an increase in
the impairment charge of £116.6m and a decrease in the discount rate by 1%, would result in a decrease in the
impairment charge of £161.9m.

Terminal growth rate

- For the year ended 31 December 2024, an increase in the terminal growth rate by 1%, would result in a
decrease in the impairment charge of £123.8m and a 1% decrease would result in an increase in the impairment
charge of £86.8m.

Grocery market growth (sales volumes)
- For the year ended 31 December 2024, a decrease in the market growth (sales volume) rate by 1%, would
result in an increase in the impairment charge of £380.2m.

Fair values

- For the year ended 31 December 2024, an increase in the CGU fair values by 10%, would result in a decrease
in the impairment charge of £71.5m and a decrease in the CGU fair values by 10%, would result in an increase
in the impairment charge of £69.6m.

Capitalised interest
The cumulative amount of capitalised interest included in the cost of property, plant and equipment is £65.1m
(2023: £70.5m).

Disposals
During the year, disposals were £44.4m (2023: £493.9m). During the prior year, disposals related primarily to
the sale-and-leaseback of 3 properties and the commercial ground rent transaction that completed in 2023.

Page 96

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

11 Property, plant and equipment (continued)

Security pledged

On 12 February 2021, the Company pledged certain assets as security for the indebtedness of parent
undertakings in the form of a first-ranking charge over certain material bank accounts, material intercompany
receivables, and a first-ranking floating charge over all present and future assets (other than customarily
excluded assets) of the Company.

Part of the security pledged is in relation to some of the Company’s existing supply chain finance agreements in
the form of fixed and floating charges over certain of the Company’s assets. There were no other changes to the
terms of these supply chain finance agreements which impact on the nature of amounts owed to the bank under
these arrangements. Given consideration of this and the other factors set out in note 1, the Directors have
concluded that the substance of the Company’s liabilities under all supply chain financing agreements remain
consistent overall with that ofa trade payable and accordingly will continue to be accounted for and classified as
trade payables.

On 13 August 2021, the Company, as a guarantor of the Senior Secured Notes issued by an intermediate parent
company (Bellis Acquisition Company PLC), the Term Loan Facilities and the Forecourt Bridge Facility
entered into by Bellis Acquisition Company PLC and the Revolving Credit Facility made available to the
Company, granted first-priority security interests over their Material Real Property to secure their obligations
under those instruments, With the completion of this security grant, the Company has discharged the
requirement to deliver post-closing collateral under the various financing arrangements established in
connection with the acquisition of ASDA Group Limited by the Bellis Finco PLC group.

On 29 October 2023, an additional fixed charge on the existing security pledged over certain material bank
accounts and the shares owned by the Group in ASDA Stores Limited, McLagan Investments Limited and The
Burwood House Group Limited was pledged in relation to the bridge facility agreement that was entered into by
Bellis Acquisition Company PLC on the same date. This charge was released on repayment of the bridge facility
agreement in December 2023.

On 20 December 2023, Asda Propco Limited, a fellow subsidiary of the Group, entered into a £400m loan
facility agreement as part of a Corporate Ground Rent transaction. The loan facility is split into Tranche A and
Tranche B with amounts of £275.0m and £125.0m respectively. As part of this transaction 55 store properties,
including leases back to Asda Stores Limited as tenant, have been transferred into Asda Propco Limited and a
first floating charge over all property and assets of Asda Propco Limited has been granted to the lenders. On 25
April 2024, 5 properties were transferred out of the structure and 8 properties were substituted in to meet the
completion conditions stated in the loan agreement.

On 10 May 2024, Asda Stores Limited, entered into, amongst others, a supplemental security agreement to a
security agreement originally dated 12 February 2021 as amended, supplemented from time to time and to the
relevant material real property charge as amended and/or supplemented from time to time (the “Existing
Security Agreement”) as part of the refinancing of the Senior Secured Notes and the Term Loan Facilities issued
by the intermediate parent company (Bellis Acquisition Company PLC). The supplemental security agreement
confirms the security interests created under the Existing Security Agreement, and creates lower ranking
security interests over the same assets under the Existing Security Agreement which include Material Bank
Accounts, Assigned Agreements, Real Property in England and Wales and an all-asset floating charge to secure
their obligations under those instruments.

Page 97

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

11 Property, plant and equipment (continued)

On I July 2025, Asda Stores Limited, entered into, amongst others, a supplemental security agreement to a
security agreement originally dated 12 February 2021 as amended, supplemented from time to time and to the
relevant material real property charge as amended and/or supplemented from time to time (the “Existing
Security Agreement”) as part of the issuance of the €700m 8.0% Senior Secured Notes due July 2031 and which
were issued by an intermediate parent company (Bellis Acquisition Company PLC). The supplemental security
agreement confirms the security interests created under the Existing Security Agreement, and creates lower
ranking security interests over the same assets under the Existing Security Agreement which include Material
Bank Accounts, Assigned Agreements, Real Property in England and Wales and an all-asset floating charge to
secure their obligations under those instruments.

Page 98

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

12 Right-of-use assets

Land and Plant and
buildings Equipment Total
£m £m £m

Cost
At 1 January 2024 11,950.6 351.6 12,302.2
Additions 14.4 97.3 1117
Modifications (67.5) (7.0) (74.5)
Disposals - (26.5) (26.5)
At 31 December 2024 11,897.5 415.4 12,312.9
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment
At | January 2024 2,375.4 150.9 2,526.3
Charge for the year 354.2 78.8 433.0
Impairment charge 457.7 - 457.7
Disposals - (26.4) (26.4)
At 31 December 2024 3,187.3 203.3 3,390.6
Carrying amount
At 31 December 2024 8,710.2 212.1 8,922.3
At 31 December 2023 9,575.2 200.7 9,775.9

The Company leases various offices, stores, warehouses, vehicles and equipment under agreements within the
scope of IFRS 16.

Leases of land and buildings have various terms, escalation clauses and renewal rights, however they commonly
include either a market rent review or index linked rent review with a cap and collar. The timing of when rent
reviews take place differs for each lease. They have no purchase options.

During the year, an impairment charge of £457.7m (2023: £270.2m reversal) has been recognised.
In determining the impairment of right-of-use assets, management have calculated the fair value of right-of-use
assets using a discounted market rental approach to determine the recoverable amount of the asset. This
approach requires an estimate of market rentals using assumptions on market participant demand and rental
yields alongside a discount rate which is determined in line with the Group’s incremental borrowing rate under
IFRS 16. Management have also considered the recoverable amount by determining the value-in-use. See note
11 above for details of how value-in-use is calculated.

Average remaining lease term is 34 years (2023: 36 years).

Leases of plant, vehicles and equipment have various terms but typically do not include mid-term rent reviews
or extension options. They have no purchase options. The average remaining lease term is 4 years (2023: 4
years).

Additions during the year relate primarily to leases for plant, vehicles and equipment.

For further details of lease liabilities and lease expenses please see note 18.

Page 99

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

13 Investments

£m
At | January 2024 1,217.8
Disposals (0.8)
At 31 December 2024 1,217.0

During the year, the Company disposed of its investment in George Tedarik Hizmetleri A.S. ("George Turkey").
The carrying value of the Company's investment in George Turkey at 31 December 2023 and at the date of the
disposal was £0.8m.

The recoverable amount of the Company's investments has been determined based on value in use calculations

using cashflow projections for the entities of which the Company is the parent. Following this review, no
impairment has been recognised (2023: £16.6m).

Subsidiary undertakings

Name of subsidiary Registered office % equity Ownership
held

Arthur Foodstores Limited* United Kingdom 100% Direct
ASDA Delivery Limited* United Kingdom 100% Direct
ASDA Guernsey Limited* Guernsey 100% Direct
ASDA Pension Plan Trustees Limited* United Kingdom 100% Direct
ASDA Storage Limited* United Kingdom 100% Direct
ASDA Stores (Belfast) Limited* United Kingdom 100% Direct
ASDA Supermarkets Limited* United Kingdom 100% Direct
Erteco UK Limited United Kingdom 100% Indirect
Essencerealm Limited* United Kingdom 100% Direct
Ever 1295 Limited* United Kingdom 100% Direct
Ever 2010 Limited* United Kingdom 100% Direct
Ever 2010 North Limited United Kingdom 100% Indirect
Ever 2010 South Limited United Kingdom 100% Indirect
Forza AW Limited United Kingdom 100% Indirect
Forza Foods Limited United Kingdom 100% Indirect
George Sourcing Services UK Limited* United Kingdom 100% Direct
International Procurement and Logistics Limited* — United Kingdom 100% Direct
International Produce Sociedad Limitada Spain 100% Indirect
Kober Limited United Kingdom 100% Indirect
Nordicline Limited* United Kingdom 100% Direct
Selby Produce Limited United Kingdom 100% Indirect
Vinpack Limited United Kingdom 100% Indirect
Westry Produce Limited United Kingdom 100% Indirect

* indicates direct investment of ASDA Stores Limited

Page 100

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

13 Investments (continued)

All investments listed above have 100% ordinary share capital.

The registered address of the entities listed above is ASDA House, Southbank, Great Wilson Street, Leeds,
LS11 5AD. The exceptions to this are as follows:

ASDA Guernsey Limited PO Box 25, Regency Court, Glategny Esplanade, St Peter Port, Guernsey, GY1 3AP

ASDA Stores (Belfast) Limited ASDA, 150 Junction One International Outlet, Antrim, United Kingdom, BT41
4GY

Forza AW Limited, Forza Foods Limited & Kober Limited Unit | Foxbridge Way, Normanton Industrial
Estate, Normanton, Wakefield, WF6 1TN

International Produce Sociedad Limitada Calle Venecia No.1-1izq, 30700 Torre Pacheco, Murcia, Spain

Principal Activities

Arthur Foodstores Limited - a retailer of food, beverages and fuel.

ASDA Delivery Limited - formerly provided delivery services relating to the sale of goods by fellow subsidiary
undertakings of ASDA Group Limited, to customers based outside the United Kingdom. During 2018, trading
ceased and the delivery services are no longer provided by the company.

ASDA Guernsey Limited - formerly operated a transactional website, which retailed pre-recorded audio and
visual entertainment products and electronic games, hardware and software. Fulfilment of orders was provided
from the company's facility in Guernsey.

ASDA Pension Plan Trustees Limited - acts as Trustee on behalf of members of the ASDA Pension Plan.

ASDA Storage Limited - the company has been dormant throughout the year.

ASDA Stores (Belfast) Limited - the company has been dormant throughout the year.

ASDA Supermarkets Limited - the company previously held the title for a property and received rental income in
relation to this site from a fellow group undertaking of ASDA Group Limited. The company disposed of its
investment property in 2021 in exchange for an intercompany receivable with a value in excess of the net book
value of the investment property at that date.

Erteco UK Limited - the company has been dormant throughout the year.

Essencerealm Limited - the company has been dormant throughout the year.

Ever 1295 Limited - the company has been dormant throughout the year.

Ever 2010 Limited - holds leases for a number of properties and receives rental income in relation to these sites
from fellow subsidiary undertakings of ASDA Group Limited.

Ever 2010 North Limited - the company has been dormant throughout the year.

Ever 2010 South Limited - the company has been dormant throughout the year.

Forza AW Limited - the company has been dormant throughout the year.

Forza Foods Limited - procuring, slicing and packaging of meats for ASDA Stores Limited.

George Sourcing Services UK Limited - formerly managed the sourcing of clothing for ASDA Stores Limited.
International Procurement and Logistics Limited - sourcing of fresh produce, grocery products, wine, house
plants and flowers for ASDA Stores Limited.

International Produce Sociedad Limitada - provision of logistical and management services.

Kober Limited - procuring, slicing and packaging of processed meats for ASDA Stores Limited.

Nordicline Limited - the company has been dormant throughout the year.

Selby Produce Limited - the company has been dormant throughout the year.

Vinpack Limited - the company has been dormant throughout the year.

Westry Produce Limited - the company has been dormant throughout the year.

Page 101

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

14 Inventories

31 December 31 December

2024 2023

£m £m

Goods held for resale 1,177.7 1,189.1
Goods not held for resale 2.2 2.5
1,179.9 1,191.6

Included within the cost of goods sold figure disclosed in note 4 is an amount of £592.4m (2023: £655.4m)
relating to the cost of inventory written off or provided for.

Page 102

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

15 Trade, other receivables, amounts due from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent

and derivative assets

Trade receivables

Allowance for expected credit losses
Other receivables

Prepayments and accrued income

Amounts due from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate
parent - current

Derivative assets - current

Amounts due from fellow wholly-owned
subsidiaries of the ultimate parent
Non-current

Derivative assets
Non-current

31 December
2024
im

113.9
(26)
35.3
69.7

2,518.9
12.6

2,747.8

1,099.8

8.4

31 December
2023
£m

85.8
(13)
37.0
62.2

2,218.1
03

2,402.1

984.6

0.2

Page 103

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

15 Trade, other receivables, amounts due from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent
and derivative assets (continued)

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on 30 day terms. Trade receivable balances have
been assessed to determine the value of expected credit losses ("ECLs") using the simplified approach in IFRS
9.

Trade receivables are presented net where a legally enforceable right of set off exists. The Company routinely
recovers receivables from suppliers with which a legal right of offset exists by settling payables with those
suppliers on a net basis at the earliest point following the balance sheet date at which payables of a value equal
to or in excess of the receivable amount are due for settlement. Included in the above is an offset of £177.2m
(2023: £190.4m). The gross trade receivable prior to the offset is £291.1m (2023: £276.2m). See note 21 for
offset in trade payables.

As at 31 December 2024, trade receivables at nominal value of £2.6m (2023: £1.3m) were impaired and fully
provided for on the basis of the age of the debt and estimated ability of the customer to make payment.

The Company considers its trade and other receivables in default when contractual payments are 90 days past
due. However, in certain cases, the Company may also consider a trade or other receivable to be in default when
internal or external information indicates that the Company is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual
amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Company. A trade or other
receivable is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

Other receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on 60 day terms. Other receivable balances have
been assessed to determine the value of ECLs in IFRS 9 and the impact is less than £0.1m (2023: less than
£0.1m).

Non-current amounts due from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent are comprised of an
amount due from Project America Bidco Limited of £680.3m and an amount due from Bellis Acquisition
Company PLC of £293.5m, which arose during the prior year to partially fund the acquisition of Euro Garages
(Jersey) Limited by Project America Bidco Limited, a fellow subsidiary of Asda Group Limited. Interest
receivable of £72.6m and £11.8m has accrued on these balances respectively. During the current year, a further
amount due from McLagan Investments Limited of £40.5m arose out of the substitution of properties that
occurred in the Commercial Ground Rent transaction. Interest has accrued on this balance of £1.1m.

In order to assess the probability of default and to determine the value of expected credit losses in respect of the
Company’s amounts due from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent, the directors have
modelled an orderly settlement of all intercompany balances between entities within the Bellis Finco PLC
Group and entities outside the Bellis Finco PLC Group which are fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
ultimate parent.

This analysis is based on the directors’ forecast of future cashflows. Downside sensitivities to the base case
assumptions within this forecast have been modelled and in all plausible scenarios, the value of cashflows
realised is sufficient to enable full and orderly settlement of all balances. As such, the directors have determined
that the probability of default in relation to the Company’s amounts due from fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries
of the ultimate parent is remote and the impact of expected credit losses is immaterial. Accordingly, the carrying
value of the Company’s expected credit losses provision in respect of amounts due from fellow wholly-owned
subsidiaries of the ultimate parent is less than £0.1m (2023: less than £0.1m).

Page 104

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

16 Called up share capital

Redeemable
ordinary sharesof Ordinary shares of
£1 each £1 each Total
No. - No No.
At | January 2024 and 31 December
2024 566,781,240 190,805,129 757,586,369
Value of authorised, allotted, called up and fully paid
Redeemable Ordinary
ordinary shares shares of £1
of £1 each each Total
£m im £m
At | January 2024 and 31 December 2024 566.8 190.8 757.6

The par value of share capital is £1 per share.

Redeemable ordinary shares

The redeemable ordinary shares rank in all respects pari passu with, and have the same rights as the ordinary
shares except that they are redeemable at par together with any arrears or accruals of dividend calculated up to

and including the due date for redemption.

The redeemable shares are redeemable at the option of the Company on or before 31 December 2099.

Ordinary shares

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to

one vote per share at meetings of the Company.

The share premium account is used to record amounts received in excess of the nominal value of shares on issue

of new shares.

Page 105

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

17 Reserves

Reconciliation of movement in reserves is as follows:

At I January 2023
Profit for the year

Cash flow hedges - reclassified
during the year to income statement
Cash flow hedges - net loss during
year on not-yet matured contracts
‘Tax on cash flow hedges recognised
directly in other comprehensive
income

Total remeasurements on defined
benefit obligation

‘Tax on net actuarial losses recognised
directly in other comprehensive
income

Change in fair value of share-based
payments

At 31 December 2023

Atl January 2024
Loss for the year

Cash flow hedges - reclassified
during the year to income statement
Cash flow hedges - net gain during
the year on not-yet matured contracts
Tax on cash flow hedges recognised
directly in other comprehensive
income

Total remeasurements on defined
benefit obligation

Tax on net actuarial gains recognised
directly in other comprehensive
income

Change in fair value of share-based
payments

At31 December 2024

Cash flow Retained

Share premium Other reserves _ hedging reserve earnings Total
£m fm im im £m
950.3 123.8 33 1,110.6 2,188.0
- - : 165.2 165.2

: - 135 - 135

: - 4.1) - 4.1)

: : 51 : om

- - - @1 @.1)

- : - ou. oO.

- : : 09 09
950.3 123.8 12.2) 1,276.7 2,338.6
950.3 123.8 (12.2) 1,276.7 2,338.6
: - - (763.1) (763.1)

- . 11.0 : 11.0

: : 238 : 238

- : (87) - 7

- - : 09 09

- : - (03) (03)

: : : 16 16
950.3 123.8 13.9 5158 1,603.8

The other reserves primarily relate to a revaluation reserve disclosed separately from retained earnings for

information purposes.

The cash flow hedge reserve represents the gains and losses arising on revaluation of derivatives, being forward

currency contracts.

Page 106

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

18 Lease liabilities

Lease Liabilities
Lease agreements where the group is a lessee

31 December

2024
£m
Current lease liability 277.2
Non-current lease liability 10,159.1
10,436.3

Future minimum undiscounted payments due:
No later than one year 685.1
Later than one year and no later than two years 656.5
Later than two years and no later than three years 641.7
Later than three years and no later than four years 629.3
Later than four years and no later than five years 612.5
Later than five years 16,420.3
Total future minimum undiscounted payments 19,645.4
Finance charges allocated to future periods (9,209.1)
Present value of minimum lease payments 10,436.3

31 December
2023
£m

266.5
10,398.3
10,664.8

665.5
659.6
632.3
617.6
607.5

16,877.7

20,060.2

(9,395.4)

10,664.8

There are no instances at 31 December 2024 where future rental payments have been committed but not yet

included in the lease liability (2023: £nil).

Total lease cash outflow in the year was £681.4m (2023: £707.2m).

Page 107

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

18 Lease liabilities (continued)

Amounts recognised in Income Statement

The following table shows the breakdown of the lease expense between amounts charged to operating profit and

amounts charged to finance costs:

31 December

2024

im

Depreciation - land and buildings right-of-use assets 354.2
Depreciation - plant and equipment right-of-use assets 78.8
Impairment charge/(reversal) - land and buildings right-of-use assets 457.7
Short term lease expense’ 1.9
Variable lease expense? 22.1
Sub-lease income (9.2)
Total charge to operating profit 905.5
Interest expense related to lease liabilities 400.2
Charge to profit before taxation for leases 1305.7

Notes

31 December
2023
£m

404.1
NA
(270.2)
87
15.4
(9.3)

220.1
399.4

619.5

‘Short-term lease expense consists primarily of rental of equipment for temporary purposes during the year.

? Variable lease expense consists primarily of contractual land and building service and insurance charges as a
result of the Group election to combine lease and non-lease components. These are not fixed payments and
therefore are not included in the lease liability. Variable payments represent 3.2% of overall lease payments in

2023 (2023: 2.2%).

Page 108

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Operating lease agreements where Company is lessor
Future undiscounted minimum lease income under non-cancellable agreements is receivable as follows:

31 December 31 December

2024 2023

£m £m

No later than one year 9.2 93
Later than one year and no later than five years 27.1 26.8
Later than five years 37.6 34.2

73.9 70.3

The Company sub-lets buildings of various natures under non-cancellable agreements. The leases have various
terms and renewal rights.

Page 109

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

19 Provisions

Dilapidations Insurance Total
£m £m £m
At | January 2024 84.2 95.8 180.0
Provided during the year 02 50.9 S11
Provision used (0.6) (39.7) (40.3)
Unused provisions reversed (0.1) (13.5) (13.6)
Discount rate changes and unwinding of discount (16.0) - (16.0)
At 31 December 2024 67.7 93.5 161.2
Current liabilities : 39.7 39.7
Non-current liabilities 67.7 53.8 121.5

The insurance provision relates to claims liabilities arising from past events such as accidents in our depots and
stores which are not covered by third party insurance. The value of the provision is established using
independent actuarial assessments or a reasonable estimate based on past experience. These provisions are
expected to crystallise within 5 years. Insurance liabilities are not discounted as the impact would not be
material.

Where the Company settles insurance claims for which it has recourse to a third-party insurer, the amount due
from the insurer is included within trade and other receivables. The carrying value of these amounts at 31
December 2024 is £nil (2023: £nil).

The dilapidations provision represents provisions for the cost of works required to remove leasehold
improvements within leasehold properties at the end of their lease term. The amount of the provision recognised
is adjusted based on the length of the lease remaining to reflect the uncertainty in the value of the provision
where a lease has a substantial remaining term (greater than 35 years). The dilapidations provision also includes
provisions relating to the removal of fuel tanks on freehold petrol filling station sites.

The amount provided during the year is accounted for as an increase or decrease in the cost of property, plant
and equipment and the impact of this will be recognised as additional depreciation over the lease terms of the
sites to which the provision relates. A discount rate of 5.2% (2023: 4.2%) has been used in determining this
provision. The provision will be utilised at the end of the respective terms of the leases giving rise to these
liabilities.

Page 110

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

20 Employee costs and benefits

Reconciliation of scheme assets and liabilities to assets and liabilities recognised
The amounts recognised in the Balance Sheet are as follows:

Year ended Year ended

31 December 31 December

2024 2023

£m im

Present value of scheme liabilities (8.0) (8.6)
Net liability for defined benefit pension scheme (8.0) (8.6

Prior to the acquisition of the entire issued share capital of the Company on 16 February 2021, the Company
provided retirement benefits for eligible employees through two defined benefit plans in the UK, one funded,
the ASDA Group Pension Scheme (“AGPS” or "the Scheme") and one unfunded, the Unapproved Unfunded
Retirement Benefit Scheme ("UURBS”).

The Company is the sponsoring employer of the UURBS and as such, liabilities relating to future pension
payments to UURBS members are accounted for as employee benefit liabilities in the balance sheet.

Employee costs
Total costs charged to the Income Statement in respect of employee benefits are as follows:

31 December 31 December

2024 2023

Note £m £m

Wages and salaries 6 2,597.5 2,577.1

Restructuring costs 27.2 -

Share-based payments charge 6 16 0.9

Social security costs 6 186.4 165.9

Cost of defined contribution schemes 6 133.0 127.3

Total charge to operating costs 2,945.7 2,871.2
Defined benefit pension scheme

Net interest expense on pension scheme 0.4 0.4

Total employee benefit expense 2,946.1 2,871.6

Defined benefit pension schemes

Amounts recognised in the Income Statement
Interest expense of £0.4m (2023: £0.4m) has been recognised during the year in relation to the unwind of
discount on the liabilities of the UURBS.

Amounts recognised in Other Comprehensive Income

Pre-tax net gains of £0.9m (2023: net losses of £0.1m) have been recognised during the year in relation to
actuarial movements on the liabilities of the UURBS.

Page 111

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

20 Employee costs and benefits (continued)

31 December 31 December
2024 2023
£m £m
Scheme liabilities
Changes in the present value of defined benefit obligation:
Present value at start of year (8.6) (8.6)
Interest cost (0.4) (0.4)
Effect of changes in financial assumptions 0.9 (0.1)
Benefits paid 0.1 0.5
Present value at end of year (8.0) (8.6)
Scheme assets
Changes in the fair value of scheme assets are as follows:
Fair value at start of year - 0.5
Benefits paid - ___05)

Fair value at end of year = -

Amounts recognised in the Income Statement
31 December 31 December

2024 2023
£m £m
Amounts recognised in finance income or costs
Net interest expense on plan liabilities (0.4) (0.4)
Total Income Statement charge (0.4) (0.4)

Page 112

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

20 Employee costs and benefits (continued)

Amounts credited/((charged) to the Statement of Other Comprehensive Income

31 December

2024

£m

Effect of change in financial assumptions 0.9
Deferred tax (0.3)
0.6

Amounts recognised in the Statement of Other Comprehensive Income

Principal actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages)

31 December
2023

£m

0.1)

01

The significant actuarial assumptions used to determine the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the

statement of financial position date are as follows:
31 December

2024

%

Discount rate 5.5
Inflation - CPI 24
Inflation - RPI 32
Future pension increases 3.1

31 December
2023

%

4.6

23

3.1

3.0

Page 113

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

20 Employee costs and benefits (continued)

Post retirement mortality assumptions

The following table illustrates the residual life expectancy for an average member on reaching age 65, according

to the mortality assumptions used to calculate the pension liabilities:
31 December

2024

Years

Current UK pensioners at retirement age - male 21.6
Current UK pensioners at retirement age - female 23.3
Future UK pensioners at retirement age - male 22.9
Future UK pensioners at retirement age - female 25.6

Sensitivity analysis

31 December
2023

Years

214

23.0

22.7

25.4

Sensitivity analysis has not been presented as the remaining carrying value of defined benefit pension liabilities

and their sensitivity to reasonable changes in the principal actuarial assumptions is not material.

Share-based payments

Share-based payment transactions are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2 ‘Share-Based Payments’.

The total expenses recognised for the year arising from share-based payments and the associated amounts

recognised in the Balance Sheet are as follows:
31 December
2024
£m

Equity-settled share-based payment charge 1.6

31 December
2023

im

0.9

Page 114

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

20 Employee costs and benefits (continued)

Share-based payments (continued)

Management Incentive Plan

During the 2022, management shares in the immediate parent company of Bellis Finco PLC (“the Group") were
issued to eligible members of senior management employed by the Company as part of a Management Incentive
Plan (“MIP”) in exchange for proceeds determined by an independently determined fair value calculated at the
issue date. Under the MIP, an intermediate holding company of the Group - Bellis Midco 2 Limited - has
entered into an agreement with the holders of MIP management shares (“MIP scheme members”) whereby MIP
scheme members are granted put options which, when exercised, enable them to sell their management shares to
Bellis Midco 2 Limited or another non-Group entity for a value which is based on an independent valuation
determined at the exercise date.

During the year, due to the acquisitions in 2023 of Arthur Foodstores Limited and Asda Express (Jersey)
Limited, there was a requirement to update the base equity value of the shares. The mechanism for this was a
redemption of the original MIP shares in exchange for the issuance of replacement MIP shares, incorporating
the updated base equity value. The shares issued during the year substantially replicate the rights of the original
MIP shares and no cash consideration was paid to the holders of management shares. Furthermore, the issue
price of the shares issued during the year is equal to the issue price of the original shares issued and the fair
value of management shares issued during the year is in line with the grant date fair value of the original MIP
shares. At the date on which shares were issued during the year, the number of shares issued to existing
participants was equal to the number of management shares they were holding at that date. Taking these factors
into account, the issue of shares during the year and the cancellation of the original management shares held at
the date of issuance has been accounted for as a modification. The Directors have updated their assessment of
fair value and determined that there is no impact on the charge to the Income Statement.

MIP scheme members are required to be employed by the Group at the grant date of the MIP shares. If a
member of the scheme ceases to be employed by the Group during the vesting period, Bellis Midco 2 Limited, a
parent of Bellis Finco PLC, has the option to repurchase, or nominate another entity of the Group to repurchase,
the shares during the 12-month period after the member’s leave date. As such, the Directors have determined
that the MIP scheme falls within the scope of IFRS 2. The difference between the IFRS 2 fair value and the fair
value paid by MIP scheme members at the grant date is expensed over the vesting period (i.e. the period from
date on which the MIP shares are granted to the estimated exercise date) as an expense in the Consolidated
Income Statement.

As neither MIP shares nor put options over MIP shares are issued by the Company or any other entities within
the Group, and as there is no recharge agreement in place which requires the Company or any other entity
within the Group to settle liabilities in respect of MIP shares, changes in the fair value of MIP shares are
accounted for on an equity-settled basis.

Year ended 31 Year ended 31
December December
2024 2023
Number Number
(thousands) (thousands)
Exercisable, beginning of year 6 7
Granted during the year 5 -
Expired during the year : (1)
Outstanding, end of year i 6
Exercisable, end of year = —___

Page 115

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

20 Employee costs and benefits (continued)

Share-based payments (continued)

The fair value of the options outstanding under the MIP scheme at 31 December 2024 is £7.6m (2023: £4.2m).

An amount of £1.6m (2023: £0.9m) has been accounted for as an equity-settled share based payments expense
in respect of the MIP in accordance with the proportion of the vesting period which has elapsed during the year.

Page 116

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

21 Trade, other payables and derivative liabilities

Trade payables

Social security and other taxes
Other payables

Accrued expenses

Bank overdraft

Amounts owed to fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate
parent and the ultimate parent - current

Derivative liabilities - current

Amounts owed to fellow wholly-owned
subsidiaries of the ultimate parent
Non-current

Derivative liabilities
Non-current

31 December
2024
im

3,341.1
157.7
209.3
282.7

21.6

1,262.6
2.2

5,277.2

31 December
2023

£m

3,404.4

187.0

85.1

413.7

1,072.6
15.6

5,178.4

777

6.0

The Company has established trading terms with suppliers which are appropriate to the particular relationship
and product supplied. Whenever an order is placed the parties will be aware of the payment terms and it is the
Company’s policy to abide by these terms when satisfactory invoices have been received.

Trade payables are presented net where a legally enforceable right of set off exists. Included in the above is an
offset of £177.2m (note 15) (2023: £190.4m). The gross trade payable prior to the offset is £3,518.3m (2023:

£3,594.8m).

The bank overdraft in the current year is due to the timing of supplier payments being approved by the
Company. The Company was no longer in a bank overdraft on 2 January 2025.

Non-current amounts owed to fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent of £77.6m payable to
McLagan Investments Limited arose during the prior year. Total interest of £3.2m has accrued on the balance.
The amount owed is interest bearing at a rate of 3.85% per annum and matures in December 2073.

Page 117

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

21 Trade, other payables and derivative liabilities (continued)

Supply Chain Finance arrangements

As detailed in note 1, included within trade, other payables and derivative liabilities are amounts owed to third
parties under Supply Chain Finance (“SCF”) arrangements. The Company is party to three different SCF
agreements with third party banks in relation to trade payables arising out of purchases of imported non-food
products and domestic purchases of grocery, non-food products and fuel. The principal terms, conditions and
characteristics of these arrangements are:

+ On presentation to the SCF bank of appropriate documentation (e.g. proof of goods acceptance by ASDA;
presentation of an ASDA-approved invoice), suppliers are able to receive payment from the bank at a
discount agreed between the supplier and the bank, on a date which precedes the due date set out in payment
terms agreed between the Company and the supplier;

+ The Company’s liability to the supplier is extinguished at the point that the supplier receives payment from
the SCF bank;

+ The Company settles liabilities to the SCF bank arising out of payments to suppliers who are party to these
arrangements by the due date set out in the Company’s payment terms with the respective suppliers;

+ The Company retains its ability to offset credits against SCF payables (for example where products are
returned to suppliers and the Company has a contractual right of offset with those suppliers);

+ SCF arrangements between the Company and the SCF banks are separate from agreements between the SCF
banks and participating suppliers;

+ Participation in SCF arrangements is voluntary for suppliers;

* No interest is charged to the Company on outstanding payables to the SCF banks.

Balances included within trade, other payables and derivative liabilities with suppliers and banks who are party
to SCF arrangements are as follows:

Year ended 31 Year ended 31
December 2024 December 2023
£m £m
Amounts payable to SCF banks and suppliers who
participate in SCF arrangements 633.5 590.1
Amounts payable to SCF banks under SCF included in
the above 477.6 426.3
Unused SCF facilities available 115.7 148.8

Amounts payable which are disclosed above are included within trade, other payables, amounts owed to fellow
wholly-owned subsidiaries of the ultimate parent, and derivative liabilities at 31 December 2024 of £5,277.2m.
(2023: £5,178.4m).

Payment terms with suppliers are as follows:

-Purchases from suppliers who participate in SCF arrangements: 31 December 2024: 6 to 120 days (2023: 6 to
120 days)

-Purchases from suppliers who do not participate in SCF arrangements: 31 December 2024: | to 120 days
(2023: 1 to 120 days)

Liquidity risk associated with Supply Chain Finance arrangements

As set out in the Principal Risks and Uncertainties section of the Strategic Report, the Company is subject to
risk of a working capital outflow in the event of a reduction in available SCF facilities. This risk is mitigated by
supplier payment terms being contractually agreed with the majority of suppliers separately from SCF
arrangements, and by the Company having SCF arrangements with a number of financial institutions.

Page 118

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

22 Commitments

As at 31 December 2024, the Company had entered into contracts of £13.5m to purchase property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets. (2023: £22.8m).

As at 31 December 2024, the Company had entered into contracts to purchase US dollars for £1,087.4m (2023:
£1,150.0m) and energy for £117.1m (2023: £243.7m).

23 Contingent liabilities
Equal Value Claims

The Company has been served with circa 56,000 employment tribunal claims (and notified of an additional circa
15,000 High Court claims that have not been served and are stayed pending the outcome of the employment
tribunal claims). The claims have been presented on behalf of current and former ASDA store employees, who
allege that their work in ASDA's stores is of equal value in terms of the demands of their jobs to that of
employees working in ASDA's distribution centres, and that the differences in pay and terms and conditions
between the different jobs are not objectively justified. The claimants are requesting differential back pay based
on higher wage rates in the distribution centres and those higher wage rates and more favourable terms and
conditions on a prospective basis as part of these equal value proceedings. ASDA believes that further claims
may be served.

There are three stages to these proceedings:

+ Comparability - on 26 March 2021, the Supreme Court upheld the Court of Appeal’s decision that the work of
hourly-paid workers in distribution centres and the work of hourly-paid workers in stores can be compared.

+ Equal Value - on 31 January 2025 the Employment Tribunal published a judgment following the equal value
hearing which took place from 9 September 2024 to 22 November 2024. Of the 14 lead claimant roles, the
Employment Tribunal found:

- Two of the claimant roles were not of equal value to any of the comparator roles.
- One of the claimant roles was of equal value to all of the comparator roles.
- For the remaining lead claimants, the result was a mixed picture.

" ‘The Employment Tribunal’s findings must now be translated across the wider claimant population. The outcome
of this further analysis is not known at the date of approval of the financial statements.

Furthermore, on 10 April 2025, the Directors were notified by the Employment Appeal Tribunal that the
claimants have lodged an appeal in respect of certain of the Equal Value findings. At the Balance Sheet date and
the date of approval of the financial statements, it is not known whether permission to appeal has been granted.

* Material Factor Defence - the next stage of the proceedings will be the material factor defence stage. This will
be subject to a further hearing to determine whether there are objective, non-discriminatory reasons for
differentials in pay and other terms between store-based roles and distribution centre-based roles.

The Directors believe that there are substantial factual and legal defences to these claims and intend to defend

the claims vigorously. Due to a high degree of legal uncertainties at the Balance Sheet date and at the date of
approval of the financial statements, the final outcome of the matter cannot be predicted.

Page 119

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

23 Contingent liabilities (continued)

No provision continues to be recognised on the basis that any potential liability is only a possible obligation, as
it has yet to be confirmed whether the Company has a present obligation that could lead to an outflow of
resources embodying economic benefits.

In addition, at present, the Directors cannot reliably estimate any loss, or range of loss, that may arise from these
proceedings. This is due to a number of factors, including but not limited to the following: ‘

- An unknown number of claims which may be asserted in the future;

~ The existence of a number of claimant roles for which equal value has not been determined;

- The fact that the Material Factor Defence stage of the proceedings has not yet commenced - the hearing for
this stage of the proceedings is currently expected to take place in late 2026 or early 2027;

- The possibility of appeals by either the Company or the claimants and the uncertainty of the outcome of these.

Following the acquisition by the Bellis Finco PLC Group (“the Group") of the entire issued share capital of
ASDA Group Limited (the immediate parent of the Company) on 16 February 2021, the Group has entered into
an indemnification agreement which is guaranteed by a wholly owned subsidiary of the former ultimate parent
of the Company, Walmart Inc. ("Walmart") with respect to certain claims, for which the Group is indemnified
by Walmart up to a contractually agreed amount.

Depending on the outcome of the Material Factor Defence stage of the proceedings, any liability to the Group
and the Company could be material.

Page 120

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

24 Related party transactions

As a wholly owned subsidiary, the Company has taken advantage of the exemption in paragraph 8(k) of FRS
101 not to disclose transactions with fellow wholly owned subsidiaries of the Bellis Finco PLC group.

Identity of related parties

The following transactions were entered into with related parties during the year. The amounts disclosed below

represent the total (charge) or credit recognised in the Income Statement:

Transactions recognised through Income Statement
Sales to Euro Garages Limited'

Reimbursement from Euro Garages Limited”

Rental income from Euro Garages Limited?

Sales to EG on The Move Limited®

Rental income from We Buy Any Car Limited

Commission and funding received from JaJa Finance Holding (UK) Limited
Purchases from Leon Grocery Limited‘

Funding received on purchases from Leon Grocery Limited”

Donation made to The Prince's Trust

Interest receivable on loans to Arthur Foodstores Limited

Car parking income from Walon Limited

Recharges of costs incurred by the Company on behalf of The ASDA
Foundation

Reimbursement from EG Finco Limited
Charitable donations to The ASDA Foundation

Year ended
31 December
2024

im

0.3
5.7
G.6)
8.5

Year ended
31 December
2023

£m

76.2
90.0
04
1
0.9
2.5
(0.9)
0.1
@.1)
0.5

0.4

(3.6)

167.5

Page 121

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

24 Related party transactions (continued)

The following balances were in place with related parties at the reporting date.

Outstanding receivables and payables on Balance Sheet
Payables due to Bellis Select Warehouse Limited’
Payables due to Bellis Midco 2 Limited

Payables due to Bellis Topco 2 Limited

Payables due to Bellis Topco Limited

Payables due to Property Newco Limited

Receivables due from EG On The Move Limited®
Payables due to The ASDA Foundation

Year ended
31 December
2024

fm

(1.2)

(0.2)

G.0)

(0.5)

(0.6)

(3.3)

Year ended
31 December
2023

im

(1.2)

(0.2)

G.5)

(0.5)

(0.6)

0.5

(8.8 5.5)

Up to 31 October 2023, transactions between the Company and Euro Garages Limited and Leon Grocery
Limited are disclosed as related party transactions. From 31 October 2023 the Bellis Finco Group has control of
both entities and any related party transactions from this date between the Company and the entities are not
disclosed as they are fellow wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Bellis Finco Group.

Further to these amounts, the Group purchased electricity on Arthur Foodstores Limited’s behalf amounting to
£0.8m which was recharged at cost prior to 30 May 2023. Any recharges to Arthur Foodstores Limited ate

included within intercompany receivables.

Page 122

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

24 Related party transactions (continued)

"The sales related to the wholesale supply of grocery products to Euro Garages Limited as part of the
ASDA-on-the-Move proposition in the prior year prior to acquisition of the Group of EG(J)L on 31 October
2023.

"During the prior year, one of ASDA's fuel suppliers made deliveries direct to forecourts owned and operated by
Euro Garages Limited. Euro Garages Limited reimbursed the Company for the cost of these fuel supplies
(£89.3m). The Company also received reimbursement for 50% of the cost of ASDA discount provided to EG
Colleagues (£0.7m).

*The Company earned rental income from Euro Garages Limited for concessions that operate on ASDA sites
during the prior year.

“This related to the purchases of Leon Grocery Limited products for sale in ASDA stores prior to 31 October
2023.

‘This relates predominantly to the VAT recovered and transaction fees paid on behalf of Bellis Select
Warehouse Limited.

‘These sales relate to the wholesale supply of grocery products to EG On The Move Limited.

"This related to funding earnt on purchases of goods for sale from Leon Grocery during the prior year.

*This related to third party invoices settled by the Company on behalf of EG On The Move Limited which were
recharged in full.

In addition to the transactions disclosed above, during the year ended 31 December 2024 the following
transactions took place, all of which were less than £0.1m individually:

+ the Company earned income for communication on Wagestream services from Wagestream Limited and there
were receivables due from Wagestream Limited at the year end.

* the Company received rental income from Leonard F Jollye Limited.

+ the Company made a purchase from Aggreko UK Limited.

At 31 December 2024, the Company had outstanding balances owed to Wagestream Limited and outstanding
balances due from Hydrogen Vehicle Systems Limited, Walon Limited, Wagestream Limited and Jaja Finance
Limited all of which were less than £0.1m individually and in aggregate.

25 Parent undertaking and controlling party
The Company's immediate parent is ASDA Group Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales.
The smallest and largest group at which consolidated financial statements are prepared is Bellis Finco PLC, a

company incorporated in England and Wales. Bellis Finco PLC's registered office is ASDA House, South Bank,
Great Wilson Street, Leeds, LS11 SAD.

At 31 December 2024 and at the date of approval of the financial statements, the ultimate parent company and

controlling party was Bellis Topco Limited, which is incorporated in Jersey and is controlled by TDR Capital
LLP.

Page 123

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

26 Events since the Balance Sheet date

Re-financing activities on | July 2025

On 1 July 2025, Bellis Acquisition Company PLC (“BAC”) - an intermediate holding company of the Company
- issued €700m of 8.0% Eurobonds maturing in July 2031, of which the Company is a guarantor.

On the same date, BAC repaid £302m of February 2026 senior secured notes and Bellis Finco PLC (“BFC”)
repaid £500m of February 2027 senior unsecured notes. The Company was a guarantor of both of these
instruments at the Balance Sheet date.

Security pledged assets

On | July 2025, Asda Stores Limited, entered into, amongst others, a supplemental security agreement to a
security agreement originally dated 12 February 2021 as amended, supplemented from time to time and to the
relevant material real property charge as amended and/or supplemented from time to time (the “Existing
Security Agreement”) as part of the issuance of the €700m 8.0% Senior Secured Notes due July 2031 and which
were issued by an intermediate parent company (Bellis Acquisition Company PLC). The supplemental security
agreement confirms the security interests created under the Existing Security Agreement, and creates lower
ranking security interests over the same assets under the Existing Security Agreement which include Material
Bank Accounts, Assigned Agreements, Real Property in England and Wales and an all-asset floating charge to
secure their obligations under those instruments.

Asda Express Limited and Arthur Foodstores Limited trade and assets transfer
Subsequent to the year end, a decision was made by the executive board of Bellis Finco PLC, to transfer the

trade and assets from Asda Express Limited and Arthur Foodstores Limited to Asda Stores Limited. This
transaction is expected to complete within Q3 2025, subject to consultation.

Page 124
