Company registration number: 00928555

Boots UK Limited

Annual report and financial statements
for the year ended 31 August 2024

‘*AE303TAQ™
A15

30/05/2025 #132
COMPANIES HOUSE

FRIDAY


Boots UK Limited

Contents

Strategic report

Directors’ report

Directors! responsibilities statement
Independent auditor's report
Income statement

Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet

Statement of changes In equity

Notes to the financial statements

13
18
19
22
23
24
25
26

Boots UK Limited

Strategic report
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Principal activitt
Boots UK Limited's (“the Company’) principal activity during the year was pharmacy, health and beauty retailing.

Business review and key performance indicators (KPIs)

Bools Is the UK's leading healih and beauly retailer, caring for people, customers and communities everywhere. The Company operated 1,840 stores as
at 31 August 2024 (2023: 2,177 stores) and has grown its omni-channel platform, including Its online presence, In recent years, The Company's retall
stores ara conveniently located and its pharmacists are well placed to provide a significant role In the provision of healthcare services, working closely
with other primary healthcare providers In the communities the Company serves,

‘The Boots omni-channel offering Is differentiated from that of competitors due to the product brands awned by Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. ("the
Group"), such as No7, Boots Pharmaceuticals, Soap & Glory, Liz Earle, Sleek MakeUP, Botanics and ‘only at Boots’ exclusive products, together with its
Jong established reputation for irust and customer care. The Company's brands portfolio Is enhanced by the Group's in-house product research and
development capabilities. During the year the Company has Introduced new beauly brands and new beauty halls In key locations.

The Company's retail store networks are typically complemented by online platforms, Through the boots.com website and integrated mobile apptication,
tha ‘click and collect’ service allows customers to order from a range of over 43,000 products by 8:00 p.m. and collect the following day from over 1,419
of the Company's retail stores as at 31 August 2024.

The Bools Advantage Card loyally program, where customers earn points on purchases for redemption al a later date, continues lo be a key element of
the Boots offering. As of 31 August 2024, the number of active Boots Advantage Card members amounted to approximately 14 million (2023; 13 million).
For this purpose, an active member Is defined as someone who has used their card during the last six months.

‘The components of the Company's revenue are Pharmacy (typically the sale of prescription drugs and provision of pharmacy-related services) and Retail
(which Includes the sale of health and beauty products Including beauly, toiletries and lifestyle merchandise, and non-prescription drugs). In the current
year the Company has expanded ils pharmacy related services growing Ils Online Doctor platform and supporting the NHS Pharmacy First initiative,

‘The Company's revenue is subject to the influence of seasonally, with the second fiscal quarter typically the strongest as a result of the winter holiday
period. This seasonalily affects the Company's proportion of sales between Relall and Pharmacy during certain periods. The components of the
‘Company's financial year sales were as follows:

2024 2023

% %

Pharmacy 31.2% 33.1 %
Retail 68.0 % 66.9 %
Total 100.0% 100.0 %

‘The Company's Retail revenue is impacted by, amongst other factors, the highly competitive nature of the health and beauly category, In particular, Its
‘own and its campetitors' pricing actlons, promotional offers and events, and the customer's desire for value and convenience,

The Company's Pharmacy revenue ts Impacted by quarterly government adjustments to medicine reimbursement prices via the National Drug Tariffs to
ensure sector delivery of agreed contractual procurement margin in the year. The amount of government funding available for pharmacy services is
typically reviewed and agreed with the pharmacy industry on a quarterly cycle, The current agreement In England which ended In April 2024 is currently
in a hold-over period.

The Company's performance and relevant exchange rates are Impacted by the current geopolitical environment and the wider macrosconomle climate.
Refer to the Principal risks and uncertainlles on page 4 for further details.

The key performance indicators for the Company are provided in the table below.

2024 2023
Emilion Change Emilion Change
Revenue 7,313 3.7% 7,053 83%
Operating profit 274 211.4 % 88 60.0 %
Profit for the year 244 348.9 % a7 213.3%
Shareholders’ equily 866 (43.9)% 1,643 (15.0)%

The Company's revenue for 2024 has Increased by 3.7% (2023: Increased by 8.3%) to £7,313 million (2023: £7,053 million), Revenue In comparable
stores Increased by 6.3% (2023: Increased by 9.5%) primarily due to higher retail revenue. Comparable stores are defined as those thal have been open
for at least twelve monttis without closure for seven or more conseculive days and without major remodel or beng subject {o a natural disaster in the past
twelve months. Relocated stores are not included as comparable stores for the first twelve months after relocation.

Pharmacy revenue amounted to £2,285 million (2023: £2,337 million), a decrease of 2.2% (2023: increase of 1.3%) and represented 31.2% (2023:
33.1%) of the Company's revenue, Comparable (as defined above) pharmacy revenue Increased by 4.9% (2023: increased by 4.0%) mainly driven by
NHs Advanced services (|.e. Pharmacy First) and Boots Online Doctor, which more than offsel declines In stale funded income,

Relail revenue amounted to £5,028 millon (2023: £4,716 million) an increase of 6.6% (2023: increase of 12.2%) and represented 68.8% (2023: 66.9%) of
the Company's revenue. Comparable retall revenue Increased by 6.9% (2023: increased by 12.6%) as a resull of Increased volumes particularly In
beauty.

Boots UK Limited

Strategic report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Business review and key performance Indicators (KPIs) (continued)
The Company's operating profil Increased by £186 million lo a profil of £274 million (2023: profit of £88 milion). This balance Included a one-off past
service credit in respect of the pension scheme of £219 million, excluding this one off credit operaling profit decreased by £33 milion to £58 million (2023:
£68 million). The decrease in operating profit excluding the pension credit is due to Increased impairments in respect of the slore impairment assessment
of £187 millon (2023: £42 millon) and one-off accelerated depreciation on IT software of £14 million (2023: Enll) which more than offset the higher gross.
‘margin of £134 million which wes driven by the increased revenue discussed above.

‘On 24 November 2023, the Trustees of the Boots Pension Scheme concluded a buy-in with Legal & General, securing the benefits of £4.8 billion of
liablitles and covering the pensions of all retirees and deferred members of the scheme. As a result of this transaction, In preparalion for transferring the
liablitles to Legal & General a past service credit was recognised for £219 million (2023: £nil),

During the year, the Company generaled a post tax profit of £214 millon (2023: post tax profit of £47 millon), which fs an improvement In post tax result
of £164 milion, as compared with last year. This year on year Improvement vas primarily due lo the £186 million improvement in the operating result (as
discussed above) along with an increase in the income from shares in Group undertakings and associates, largely as a rasull of a £58 million (2023: Eni!)
dividend received from WBAD Holdings 2 Limited as part of a corporate restructure, This was partially offset by a higher lax charge of £45 milion rising
{rom £13 milion to £58 milion along with an Increase in the net Interest expense on the pension scheme lo £9 million (2023: finance income of £25
millon) due to the change in the return on the pension assets,

The Company has £55 millon (2023: £30 million) of cash and cash equivalents as at 31 August 2024. In addition, the Company has a cash pooling
arrangement wilh a fellow Group undertaking with which the Company holds £710 millon (2023: £619 million) of poaled cash which is avallable to the
Company on demand, The decrease in cash in the current year has been driven by payments relating to the pension buy-In, discussed In note 25, offset
by cash Inflows from trading. .

During the year, the Company Incurred £6 million (2023: £38 million) of restructuring costs which represent one-off costs associated with changes In the
Company's store portiollo alongside major IT projects, The Company takes an aclive approach lo Its store porlfolla management lo ensure the right
slores are al the right locations to best serve lls customers, continuing the reorganisation programme in year resulled in 334 slore closures, taking the
total programme {0 624 slore closures lo dale, The Company has made this strategic decision in order to concentrate team members where thay are
neaded and focus investment more acutely across the store portfallo, with the ambition of consistently delivering an excellent and rellable service.

‘Shareholders’ equily has decreased by 43.9% (2023: decreased by 15.0%) to £866 million (2023: £1,643 milion) which Is driven by a £789 millon
decrease In the actuarial reserve (2023: £301 millon decrease), a £58 milion dividend paid (2023: £15 million) and a £41 million decrease in the
Investment revaluation reserve (2023: £2 million decrease). This was partially offset by a £211 million profit recognised in the year (2023: £47 milion
profi),

‘The Directors and their duties under Section 172 of the Companies Act
‘The Company has a board of Directors comprised of three Direclors as stated within the Directors' report.

The Directors believe that a commitment to strong corporate governance standards is an essential element of enhancing long-term shareholder value in
a suslalnable manner. Being a part of the Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc, Group, the Company adheres to the Corporate Governance Guldelines (the
“guldelines") that have been adopted by Walgreens Bools Alliance, Inc. (o assist the Board in the exercise of Is responsibiitles on behalf of the Company
and Ils shareholders. The guidelines are intended to provide guidance as a component of the flexible framework within which the Directors oversee and
direct affairs of the Company.

The Board also complies with the Code of Conduct and Business Ethics, Issued by the Group which ara applicable to all employees, officers and
Directors of the Company. A copy of the Corporate Governance Guidelines can be found at hitps://investor.walgreensbootsalllance.com/governance,

In addltion, the Company adheres (o the robust framework of delegated authorities and internal policies adopted by the Group, which support the Group's
corporate governance arrangements across the organisation,

Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 requires a Director of a Company to act in the way he or she considers, in good faith, would most IIkely promote
the long-term success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole and In doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to:

the tkely consequences of any decision In the long-term;

the Interests of the Company's employees;

the need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

the impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment;

the desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and
the need to aol falrly as between members of the Company.

Pesesp

As a part of thelr induction, the Direclors of the Company are briefed on their duties Including those under Sectlon 172(1) and they can access
professional advice on these elther from the Company Secrelary or, if they Judge necessary, from Independent advisors for effective discharge of thelr
duties.

When making any decisions, the Direclors considered, both individually and together, the matters set oul in Section 172(1) (a-f) and have acted In a way.
they consider, In good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefll of ils members, as a whole, When making
decisions, the Diractors take inlo account the viewpoints of the Company's stakeholders, including employees, suppliers, customers and others as further

detailed below.

The Directors welcome feedback and will continue to reviaw how the Company and lis Executive Committee can Improve engagement with both
employees and other stakeholders.


Boots UK Limited

Strategic report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

‘The Directors and their duties under Sectlon 172 of the Companies Act (continued)

Below are some of the ways in which the Directors have engaged with various stakeholders and fulfilled thelr duly under this Section.

Employees .

The Directors pursue @ policy to promote diversity and inclusion amongst employees. The Company, elther directly or through its affiiate companies, has
varlaus formal and informal processes (0 actively engage wilh its emplayees. These Include employes performance reviews/appralsals, communications
through emall, intranet, bullelin boards and ‘town hall’ meelings. The Directors use these processes and engagements to understand employees’ views
and take these inlo account while making decisions. By way of example, employee engagement surveys are undertaken covering the majority of the
workforce, with resulls reported to the Board, Survey results are cascaded throughout the organisation, actions are Identified through collaboration with
the wider employee teams and resulting actions are communicated to colleagues.

Employees are kopt informed of the Company's performance and slrategy through regular executive briefings, weekly CEO Vlogs and ‘town hall’
meetings, held both in-person and ramotely in order to be accessible to as many employees as possible. Employee engagement is encouraged via ‘Q&A’
forums before and during these events lo provide employees with the opportunity to submit questions and/or feedback to the leadership teams, with
responses belng provided elther during or following the event, Employee surveys are frequently used following such events to allow employees to provide
feedback.

‘The Company monitors employee-relaled malters Including engagement activities, survey resulls, diversily, staff retention rales, whistleblowing activity,
learning and development aciivity, pay and reward including gender pay gap along wilh other initiatives. Throughout the year, Key messages ere
cascaded {o all colleagues throughout the organisation.

The Company actively works to ralse grealer awareness amongst employees of the Boots Benevolent Fund which is a regislered charity that provides
financial assistance (0 current and former employees of qualifying "Boots" companies. The Company actively engages with Ils employees via the above-
mentioned communication channels along with the hosting of other events and activities which are held throughout the year in order to raise awareness:
of the Fund to those who may benefit from the charity's assistance, and also to provide opportunities for employee involvement In fundraising and other
promotional activities,

Customers

‘The Directors strongly believe In treating customers fairly and providing them with safe and quality products. The Company and Its affiliate companies.
have adopted multiple ways to engage wilh customers, Including face-to-face and social media interactions, surveys and personalised customer
communications via the Company's Advantage Card rewards programme. The Directors use these processes to understand the views of {ts customers,
to consider the impact of their decisions on customers’ interests and as a means {o beller respond to the needs of Ils customers.

‘The Interests of customers are considered In key decisions such as changes to the store portfollo, seleclion of product lines, premium beauly and brands,
environmental, sustainability and ethical considerations, supplier selection and monitoring, and the development of the online platform.

Ongoing review of the store portfolio Is performed by management. When making any decision around any changes fo stores, the Directors take into
consideration the needs of the customers Including proximity of alternative pharmacies, with a view to minimising disruption to the proviston of pharmacy
services In the communities.

‘Suppliers

The Directors elm to ensure that the Company operates fairly, transparently and with integrily with its suppllers. The Company and lis associales engage
with its suppliers through multiple channels, both formally and informally. These engagements provide the Directors and the wider teams with a broad
and diverse understanding of the suppliers and their priorilles which enables the Company lo consider tha interests of Its suppliers whilst making
decistons,

‘The Company engages with and monitors key suppliers around ethical, environmental and sustainability matters with any changes to such requirements
being communicated back 'o suppliers, The Board seeks to maintain a repulatton for high standard of business conduct through strong supplier
partnering relalionships with key suppliers whilst considering the need to oblain value for money and the desired levels of service for customers.

Communities |
Boots has a unique place in the heart of the communities it serves across the UK, For over 175 years, the Company has used Ils expertise and support to
help Improve the health and wellbelng of local communilies. The Company continues to demonstrate an ongoing commitment to operating as a socially
responsible business and recognises the active role It can play In helping to bulld happler and heaithler communities.

The Directors value an open dialogue wilh the communities in which the business operates. This allows (he Directors to understand how these
communities view the business and the emerging needs of these communities. It also enables the Directors 10 fake Into account the impact of thelr
decisions on these communities. The Company, either directly or through Its associated companies, engages with the wider community through multiple
means Including social media, charity events and engagement with vatiaus associations. The Diraclors ensure that the availability of pharmacy services
Is considered In all decisions relating to store locations, Including consoldation programs.

Through The Bools Charitable Trust the Company assists its local community by providing charitable funds to reglstered charities and voluntary
organisations working In the areas of heallh, lifelong fearning, community development and social care, On 1 November 2023, the Trust expanded it's
reach to support projects across the UK as well as In the Nollinghamshire area.

Boots UK Limited

Strategic report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Principal risks and uncertainties

The Company's Directors monitor the overall risk profile of the Company. In addition, the Directors are responsible for determining clear pollcles as to
whal the Company considers to be acceplable levels of risk. These pollcies seek to enable people throughout the Company to use thelr expertise to
‘Identify risks that could undermine performance and to devise ways of bringing them to within acceptable levels. Where the Directors identity risks that
are not acceptable, they develop action plans to mitigate them with clear allocation of responsibilities and timescales for completion and ensure that
Progress towards Implementing these plans is monitored and reported upon.

Macroeconomle and political environment, including the cost of living crisis
Risk

The Impact of the current global cost pressures and previous supply chain disruptions, hes resulted in high Inflation rates in recent years In the United
{kingdom and globally. This has been exacerbated by the angolng confic! belween Russia and Ukraine, These factors have contributed to @ continued
cost of living crists within the United Icingdom which could impact various stakeholders as well as the business which could continue for the foreseeable
future. A specific risk thal arlses for the Company due to these macroeconomic faclors is the risk of a downward valuation of the Company's assels,
driven by Increased discount rates and reduced present value of fulure cash flows as Wall as volatilly in the longer term market rents which are used In
the Impairment assessment of the Company's assels,

Miligation

‘The current macroeconomic environment Including the cost of living crisis has not caused a significant Impact on the business to date, however, It has
impacted the valuation of the Company's property related assets, which Is driven by the macroaconomic conditions as discussed above. This has
negatively Impacted the short term outlook for growth and driven an increase in operallonal costs and Management continue fo take appropriate action
where necessary, including working closely with suppliers to mitigate the Inflationary impact on pricing and energy costs. Management continue to
monitor the situation and will continue to consider any Impact on the financial projections and forecasts on an ongoing bass.

Impact of regutation
Risk

‘The Company operates in regulated markets and could be adversely affected by changes lo existing regulation, new regulation andior failure to comply
with regulation. The Company could be adversely affected by changes to licensing regimes for pharmacles, prescription processing regimes or
relmbursement arrangements.

Millgation

‘The Company seeks to control this type of risk through active Involvement in policy-making processes, understanding and contributing to government
thinking on regulatory matlers and buliding relatlonships with regulatory bodies directly and through representation in relevant professional and trade
associations.

Competition

Risk
Changes in market dynamics or actions of competitors or manufacturers could adversely Impact the Compeny. The Company has a wide variety of

compatitors, Including other pharmacies, supermarkets and department stores,

Mhtigation
The Company's strategy Is to capitalise on the potential and strength of Its leading brands and the trust In whlch they are held, to bulld strong
relationships with customers and suppliers, and to enhance Its buying and promotional activities,

Health, safoty and environmental risks

Risk
The Company's employees and customers could be harmed and the Company suffer repulatlonal damage in the event of a major health and safely or

environmental Incident,

Mitigation

The Company applies standards throughout the Group which are closely monitored and regularly audited, Health, safety and environmental Incidents ara
logged and analysed In order to learn the necessary lessons and ensure any remediation action takes place. Any major incident Is promplly reported to
and Investigated by the executive management.

Product/services risk

Risk

‘The Company could be adversely Impacted by the supply of defective products or provision of Inadequale services. In particular, this could come from
allowing the Infiltration of counterfelt praducts Into the supply chain, errors in re-labelling of products and contamination or product mishandling Issues.
Through its pharmacles, the Company Is exposed to risks relating to the professional services Il provides.

Miligation

he Company has robust! purchasing processes, well developed contractual controls In relation to suppliers and a cohesive product control framework.
This Includes specilic controls for the Identification of counterfeit product. The Company has a rigorous governance framewark In place in lls pharmacies
and the Company conducis regular dispensing compliance reviews lo ensure thal individual pharmacies follow approved processes,

‘Major operational business failures

Risk

‘The Company could be adversely impacted by a major fallure of Its distribution centres and logistics Infrastructure, {T systems or operational systems of

key third party suppliers.

Mligelion
The Company operales rigorously audited control frameworks, regularly updates and tests business continully plans and continually seeks to Improve

conirol of core business processes, both through self-assessment and through specific programmes relaling to the delivery of key strategie projecis,


Boots UK Limited

Strategic report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Prinelpal risks and uncertainties (continued)

Currency exchange
Risk

‘The Company has transaclion currency exposures relating to the Import and export of goods and services in currencies other than the Company's
functional currency.

‘Mitigation
‘The Company has rigorous policles and procedures In place to manage and report transacllonal exposures. Translatlon exposures are partlally mhiigated
by ensuring that borrowings are denominated in the major currencies in which the Company operates and having appropriate forward exchange contracts

Inplace.

Pension contrlbutions

Risk

The Company is a Participating Employer in a defined benefit pension scheme. On 25 November 2023 the Trustees of the Scheme concluded a buy-in
with Legal & General, the buy-in will complete no later than November 2025. Uniil this dale the Company Is stil liable to contribute to the Scheme In order
to cover the deferred consideration for the annuity purchase, The amount the Company will need to contribute to the Scheme can change based on
factors such as the valuation of the funding scheme, performance of the remaining non-annully scheme assels, outcome of illiquld asset sales,

Mitigation
‘The Trustee of the Scheme has a statutory duly to set the Investment strategy Which it Is required to do In consultation with the Principal Employer, The
Bools Company PLC. As a Parlicipaling Employer, the Company has authorised the laller (o act on Its behalf in such discussions and to support that
process. The Principal Employer uses Independent actuaries to advise on appropriate actuarial assumptions and sensitivities and related investment
matters.

Data protectlon/cyber security

Risk

The Company processes a significant volume of confidential, personal and business data and could, along with the affected parties, be adversely
affected if any of this data is accidentally or mallctously lost.

Mitigation
The Company applies rigorous Information security policies and procedures such as strong perimeter controls, access controls and dala encryplion. The
Company Is committed to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards and ensures that all processing complies with data protection legislation
Inclusive of the Data Protectlon Act 2018, Further, the Company has extensive safeguards around the transmission, use and disclosure of patient health

Information.

Sustainability

The Company Is part of a Group that Is proud to be part of a force for good, leveraging many decades of experience and ils International scale, to care for
people and the planel In numerous social responsibility and sustainability inlllatives thal have an Impact on the health and well-being of milllons of people.
For further delalls, please refer (o the Graup's Corporate Social Responsibility report published on the Group website htlps://
www.walgreensbootsalliance.com.

Non-Financial and Sustainability Information Statement
Cilmate-Related Financial Disclosures.

As a leading retailer, healthcare provider and employer, Boots has a role to play In crealing and maintaining a sustainable and healthy environment for all.
We aim to do this through reducing the impact of our operations on the environment, making It easler for customers and team members to make
sustainable cholces, and collaborating with our partners and suppllers to develop sustalnable products and supply chains. We lake thls role serlously and
have sel ourselves robust largets with a number of active work streams In place. We have thorough governance and ensure thal we meal any regulatory
‘oF reporting requirements In this space.

‘We recognise thal climate change poses challenges for our business and supply chaln and believe thal accurale and relevant disclosures are essanilal to
demonstrate progress and ensure stakeholder accountabilly, Whilst standard Induslry reporting frameworks surrounding sustainabliily are evolving,
reporting helps us sel a baseline {rom which appropriate and meaningful actions can be taken.

Bools clisnate-relaled disclosures are consistent with the recommendations and recommended disclosures, and in compliance with the requirements of
The Companies (Strategle Repor!) (Climate-related Financlal Disclosure) Regulations 2022, specifically sections 414CA and 414CB of the Companies
‘Act 2006. These disclosures set out how Bools UK Limited and our lwo olher main entities, Boots Management Services Limited and No7 Beauly
Company Limited, incorporate climate-relaled risks and opportunites into governance, strategy and risk management, plus activities and workslreams in
place to reduce our environmental impact, with related key metrics and targets. See table In Metrics and Targets seclion al the end of this document for
more detail,

Boots UK Limited

Strategic report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Tha Welpreene Boots Allance (WBA) (the Group board of Directors oversees ESG across the whole group, including the UK business and legal
entities, through two committees: Nominaling and Governance and Audit,

The Nominaling and Governance Commitee, consisling of Independent Directors, oversees the Group's ESG initiatives, policies, and activities,
Including sustainability and the environment, Such oversight Includes a review of the Group's management of related risks, in consultation with the
Aualt Commilige a8 Sparoprile, The ESG Committee reports to the Nominating and Governance Committee twice a year to review ESG siralegy,
including global emissions activities, tracking agalnsl emissions reduction targets, review of the annual ESG Report and activilles discussed within the |*
WBA annual ESG Report.

The chalr of the committee Is responsible for reporting to the full board of Directors regarding the actives of the Nominaling and Governance
Commie at appropiate mes and zs othervise requested by the chairperson ofthe bose. The Nominaing and Governance Commitee Charteris
publlely avaliable on the WBA website.

‘The Audit Committee also reviews the Group's strategy for business continully and disaster management, Including the establishment of emergency
esponse teams aoross the business, The Auall Commitee Charter is publicly available on the websile, Additionally, the Audit Committee has
‘explicit oversight responsibility for Enlerprise Risk Management (ERM), including overseeing management's analysis and mitigation, The ERM
Jencompasses the review of emerging and existing risks and opportunities relaling lo clmate ‘change and their Impact on the business. The Audit
‘Commiilas members are all independent directors and meet on ERM activity wice annually. In addition to work conducted within the committees, the
WEA chlet operating officer for Intemational and head of the ESG Committee provides ESG programming updates to the full board of Directors
annually.

Furthermore, there Is a focal governance process for Boots UK (‘the Company’). as descrived in response immediately below. Any signifcant matters
relating to the UK business and legal enlitles are fed through this process up the chain to WBA. :

eS anagement, Reese!

The Group ESG Committee ('ESG Commilties') plays @ leadin Group and includes UK’
representation in the form of the chief operating office for international (chair), \he vice president for ESG and DEI for internalional, the senior vice.
prasident and chief administrative officer for international and tha managing director and president for Bools, amongst other Global officers.

The ESG Committee meets four times a year to review the group ESG program and reports 'o the Nominating and Governance Committee at least)
twice a year. The ESG Committee sets and oversees strategy, goals, programming and policy statements. Additionally, the Senlor Vice President)
‘oversees (he ERM program, which is designed {o Identify, monitor, and assess significant short, medium and long-term risks and opportunitles (the

Compliance Committee on a bi-annual basis, and summaries are presented to the Board's Audit Committee al least twice annually, Risks and
opportunities are also Identified at a Boots level and reported up the chain, where relevant (see diagram below).

‘The diagram below illustrates ESG governance at a Bools level and how this links Into governance overall al a Group level.

time perlods are further definad in the section below). Key risks and opportunities are presented to and reviewed by the WBA Governance, Risk and *

Boots UK Limited

Strategic report (continued) . .
for the year ended 31 August 2024

The Boots ESG Strategy Review Is led by members of the Executive team, who are responsible for agreeing and delivering agalnst annual, business-
wigs targets, in ine withthe Group stralegy. Goals are cascaded to their teams and prograss rey ‘on, biannually, by the Exec leader, to the WBA
ommiltee,

“The Bools ESG Taskforce, formed of ESG leads and representalives from functions across the business, Is responsible for delivering goals cascaded
annually by the Exec leader, aligned with the slralegic pillars. The ESG Taskforce meets monlhily. Progress versus targels is monitored quarterly, with
reports being provided to thé Bools Performance Execulive team and the W8AESG Committee,

Environmental Sustainability specifically Is managed by the Boots ESG Taskforce, delivering against goals cascaded by the Executive team member
Fesponsibie for Healthy Planot and Sustainable Markeiplace. The ESG Taskforce meets monthly and fe, responsi {or tracking progress agalnat
Internal and external climate commitments and managing the implementation of sustainabillly inillatives, The Boots ESG Taskforce Is supported by
subject malter experts on energy, waste, plastics and carbon,

neta z x

es 8 elatee nes is L
Glimete change presents a wide rango of sks and opportuniies over the short (12 years), medium (2-6 years) and lang term (beyond 5 years) - these
time periods align with the strategie decision-making process within the business. The risks and opportunities Identified below, which have been|
validaled al a Group level, also consider the UK business and may have a material impact on Bools business operations and financial performance,

Physical risks, such as exlreme weather conditions, rising sea levels or changes in precipitation patterns, may impact operations and facilities around
the world by causing physical damage to stores, distribulion or fulflment centres, which may lead (0 loss. or spoilage of inventory and business
Interupions. Extreme weather conditions and variability n weather palterns may also result in supply chain dsruplions an Increased supplier costs
thal could negatively Impect the Company's ably to procure goods or services required forthe operaton of is business. We expect these risks to
cryslalise in the long term.

‘Transition risks associated with the shift to a low-carbon economy may have an impact on operations, supply chaln and access to capital. Uncertainty in
energy prices and cosls of fossil fuel-based goods (e.g. plastics) may increase costs throughoul tha supply chain in addition to Company operations.
The Company's operations use nalural gas, diesel fuel and gasoline, and electricity, all of which could face increased regulation because of climale
‘change or other environmental cancers. There are also (ransition fisks associated with increasing regulations on greenhouse gas emissions, the|
susllnablily of producis and packaging and energy inpuls which may Increase cosls associated wih operations, compliance and merchandise. There
fare risks and opportunities associated with suppliers, employees and customers thal may affect the Company's public perception with interested
stakeholders, Additlonally, f the Company Is nol able to show progress on climale-related Issues or Is delayed or unable to meet goals an time (e.g.,
reducing greenhouse ges emissions or GHG emissions), It could affect the Company's ablily to retain existing and allract now suppliers, customers|
‘and employees, We expect these risks to crysialise in the long term.

Regulatory pressure and stakeholder altention on cllmale are expected to develop at pace, impacting the rate at which businesses need to respond and
reduce thelr carbon footprint. While there {s uncertainty around when and which climate risks wil materialise, we recognise that we will need to keep
‘connected to consumer sentiment and potential future climate adaptation legislation and change the way we do business over the coming years. The
‘Company has a sirong legacy of responding to the needs of the communily and are confident we will keep pace with the fast-moving retallar sector,

We closely monitor the risks identified above, allhough having assessed the risks, we believe that the short to medium term climale-related risks are nol!
material for our business and that such risks (as described above) will play out in the long term. In addition, we recognise thal we will need to keep|
abreast of fulure climale change legistation as well as consumer prafarences. The risks relating to climate change are therefore an Integral part of|
several of our principal risks, as Included in the financial stalements, bul are nol currently considered to be a separate principal or significant risk of the|
business.

We have also considered the above risks on a geagraphical basls. Givan the operations ara primar focused In the UK, no particular location has
coma up as being al greater risk compared lo another, In addition, the risks on a store-by-store bas/s are not considered to be significant for each
individual location.

Beyond the risks described above, climate change may also present opportunities for the Company to provide new health-related services and respond
to Increased demand for low-carbon products. By Improving access (o healthcare, we have an opportunity to serve the needs of local communis
experiencing severe weather conditions and other cllmate related impacts. Worsening climate change conditions may Increase the prevalence and
Savery of fuman health impacts (e.g, Increased heal stress, now palhogone or vecter-bomne diseases), and we may be able to hnvest in beneficial
products and services to meet the needs of ls customers, The Company, in conjunction withthe Group, fs continually evaluating relevant climate risks
and opportunilles and seeks to mitigate the Impacts of these risks while also bullding capacity to realise opportunities, which al the present time we
expect lo crystallise in the long term. .

For the purposes of our assessment of climate related risks, opportunities and disclosures, we hava used a similar maleriallly as that for the financial
statements of Boots UK Limited.

i
H
if


Boots UK Limited

Strategic report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Describe the:impact of élim: ied risks alid opportinilies ‘on the organisation's biisine
‘Climate-related risks and opportunities have influenced and been incorporated into group-wide objectives, strategies and goals. The Company Is
focused on miltgating the impacts of climate change by reducing GHG emissions and reducing operating costs. The Company Is taking steps to.
Improve the sustainability of its operations by prioritising energy conservation and efficiency at retall locations, Additionally, the Company Is building lis
resilience to climate risks while generating value for customers and ensuring business continulty in the face of weather and/or climate change impacts.
This Is the Intention of the wider Group and Boots has an opportunity to play a.key and supportive role as communities transition within the changing
climate. We are Inoreasingly offering products and services, health and other, which help Boots reduce Its impact on the planet, and help communities
B0apt to climate change. For example, Boots has launched our Recycle al Boots scheme lo divert hard lo recycle plastic Packaging from tandfill, and In
2023 we extended this to Include Blister Pack Recycling in over 100 stores. in 2024 we Introduced a Deposit Return Scheme in Wales. We provide over
eighty, health services through our online Health Hub to allow customers to Improved accessiolly to vital healthcare services. Boats pharmacies now
‘offer the Pharmacy First service, in which Boots Pharmacists can offer advice and \reatment for 7 common aliments. This service offers patients
‘support locally, reducing their need to travel, allgning with a low carbon economy.

‘stiategy, &

Climate-related risks and opportunities will continue to inform the business strategy and financlal planning. tn conjunctton with the WBA ERM team,
Bools aveluate climate-relaled risks 10 determina matertality for incorporallon into our broader risk management process. {n 2020, Boots UK supported
the UN's wider nel zero \rensition by collaboreling with other UK relallers on a roadmap forthe Indusiy fo achieve complele net zero emissions by
2040, including net zero Scope 2 emisstons by 2030 and Scope 1 emissions by 2035. To date, the Company has completed a baseline carbon footprint
assessment and Is now focusing on developing an emissions reduction roadmap to sel out emissions reduction initiatives, which we expect to be
[completed in the short term,

As part of the Group commitment to buliding resilence ino its business strategy, the Group conducted a Climate scenario analysis (CSA) to identity,
prioritise and determine the potential Impacts of cllmate related risks and opportunities that could affect ils business, including the UK. The CSA was
Jeonducted In 2022 and ts planned to be relfeshed In FY25. The Group took f eross-funcilonal approach to he CSA by involving Internal stakeholders
from acrass the Group to identify ten most relevant risks and opportunities. Each idenilfied risk and opportunily was analysed under two climate
/scenarios:

()@ high-emissions scenario; and

)) a low-carbon economy scenario.

Climate scenarios are hypothetical plausible fulure stales under different levels of global warming and states of transition to a low carbon world. They
provide a forward-looking view of how different types of climate-relaled risks and opportunities may Impact an organisation. There are a number of
‘scenarios thal have been developed by scientific organisations which are publicly available and widely used within climate related scenario analysis
and assessments,

Both scenarios were based on climate’ projections from the Intergovermental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). The low-emissions scenarlo, also
known es Reprasentative Concentration Pathway (RCP) 2.6, !s based on keeping global warming under 2 degrees Celslus and !s modelled under the
‘assumption that the world takes a sharp plvol toward climate acllon, Including rapid decarbonisation.

The high-emissions scenario is based on RCP 8.5, which would result In 4 to 5 degrees Celsius of warming by the end of the century. This scenario
presents the upper bounds of Impacts from global warming resulting from inaction on decerbonisation and climate-change miligation,

The resulls of this CSA show that: | .

+ Physical risks will have a larger impact on the Group's business in the high emissions scenario. In a high emissions scenario, extreme

weather conditions and other climate disasters could have a more significant Impact on the Group through store closures, los! sales,
Inventory spoilage and repalr costs.

+ _Translon sks are more vared, however, with many of these risks having a larger Impact on the Group In the near lw (Le. by 2090) na
low emissions scenario, These’ Impacts are due lo the added burden thal would be required to address the rapid shift (0 a low-carbon
economy.

+ Glimatovfelated opportuniias. are more pronounced in the high emissions scenarlo, as larger Impacts from climale change will lead to
increased opportuntties for he Group to provide solutions that Improve healthcare access and quallly of services.

‘The UK Group, including Boots UK Limited, has acknowledged the Group led work in this area and considers thal the UK business has sufficient
esitence in the short and medium term and does not consider any of the risks to be significant during this timeframe. However, Boole, UK is
‘undertaking @ supplemental Climate Scenario Analysis focusing on specific geographical retall Impacts, with the resulls expected In January 2025.

Management continues to monitor the longer term risks and opportunilies and especially as the business grows and changes, and the reference data
evolves, we inlend to periodically review the scenarios and timeframes we choose lo apply in our analysis and refine them as needed. In the meantime,
our sia Isto redice GHG emissions of the business, by achieving our scope 1 and 2 emission reduction targels, to ensure the longer term risks
are minimised.


Boots UK Limited

Strategic report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Risk Management.
Disclose how the ora.

ere ; {|

al within the risk (dentificatton, assessment and management processes and communicated to local
feams as appropriale and relevant, The ERM and Compliance functions are primarily responsible for monitoring the overall risk profile, which includes
both ciimate-related physical and iransition risks,

The ERM program tracks current and emerging risks and recommends changes to the Group's key risk summary. Al the Group level, risk assessments.
encompass all stralegc, operational, commercial, regulatory, repulalona, legal and fnandal sks thal could have an adverse impact. Climate lated
risks can Impact these risk types, and therefore must be considered. Acute physical risks, such as flooding, have operational, commercial and financial
implications. The Group is comrritled to evaluating and monitoring acute physical risks to help ensure It is properly prepared and can help mitigate.
Risks are idenified and assessed forall businesses and global functions. Each business fs responsible or preparing and reviewing potent risks bi
annually

Potential risks, including climate-related risks are considered and evalualed based on the following cillra: ()} the importance of the Issue to and
potential impact on Boots; (ii) the importance of the Issue to and potential Impact on ils stakeholders; and (ill) the lime frame in which the risk is,
envisaged to become relevant.

‘Transitional markel-related risks are regularly assessed and prioritised as part of the risk assessment process, which includes shifls in the supply and
demand for certain commodilles, products and services. Climale-related risks and opportunilies are Increasingly considered in this process, Chronlc|
physical risks such as temperature changes due to climate change are Included in the Group's assessments regarding measuring and managing
energy use and associated GHG emissions.

Specifically, at the Company level climate-related risks are identified through the Boots ESG Taskforce, which meets monthly and is responsible for}
environmental risk horlzon scanning. Risks are assessed using probabllly and Impac! raings, giving an overall isk score which is used lo priorise
whch risks need mos! urgent aclon. Risks withthe highest scores are fed Into the overall Bools corporate risk register, which Is reviewed and managed
via the UK Governance Committee and Exec Governance Commillee. Top risks from the Bools corporate risk register are reflected In the Group risk.

register, which feeds into the Group risk nvanagement processes as described above,

The current risks for Boots are mostly transitional (none of which are considered {o be significant In the short and medium term), Including the
requirement to comply with new producer responsiblilly regulations such as Extended Producer Responsibility, Deposil Retum Schemes across the UK|
and plastics tax; expectations from consumers on our services and products to nol negatively impact on the environment, to be transparent and to
avold greenwashing’, managing the Increasing, cost of energy, and the risk and commercial or reputational Impact of not achieving external

ity for Boots to Invest in innovative technologies to reduce our energy use, costs and

jcommitments we have made In this area, There Is an oppartunl
associated emissions.

| Specific risks are identified in the table in the
Reseribe,tiie ordanisation’s br :
‘The Group manages climate-related risk with a group view and Impact on the broader environment. The Group manages these risks through Ils ERM
program, targets managed by the ESG Committee and in gelling group-wide praclices and procedures, each with efforts to continually improve to)
‘reduce ils impact, The ERM program sels the framework for Identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks. The ERM program is specifically’
designed and tallored to Identlfy, monitor and assess significant short, medium and long-lerm risks to the Group and to help ensure that the Group {s
taking appropriate sleps to mitigate them. Risks are specifically monitored through the ERM and Compliance functions. Risks are identified and
assessed for all businesses and global functions across (he Group, Including the Bools business. Within this process, each business Is responsible for |
preparing and reviewing polential risks bl-annually.

‘The ERM program tracks curent and emerging risks and provides recammandallons for changes to the Graun's Key risk summary, Summaries of key
and emerging risks are presented to the Audit Commiliae, Updates on risk miligaion are provided fo the Auat Commitee through the ERM program of
management preseniatlons as appropriate. in addition to ERM, the ESG Committes maintains environment-relaled objectives thal are tracked,
monitored, and cascaded !o each business lo allgn with Jocal objectives and inltialives. The Group completes the COP climate change questionnaire
annually and reports progress against its Healthy Planet commitments In Its annual ESG Report to hold itself accountable and communicate goals and

ogress. This process covers bolh transitional and physical risks. The oulpul of all climate-related risk assessments Is considered by the Board,
Frctuding the relevant Committees as mentioned in the Governance section above, when they assess the principal risks of the business and (s also
used to direct focus to our ESG work. :

Our focus ig givan to preparedness and traning, The Group maintains 2 Business Contnully Management program and usas nationwide resources,
jsupport systems, and Infrastructure to respond quickly, compassionalely, and effeclively during natural disasters, emergencies, and Implemenls
processes to minimise supply chain disruption.

The Company has processes in place lo respond to physical events that may be related to clmate change such as extreme adverse weather. Our
business continully team track weather alerts and use this Information to prepare the store emergency team If exiteme weather Is expected. The store
‘emergency team will jnitlate and cascade (o local slores teams In the affected areas to enable them to prepare using the advice published annually in
jour Safely Malters document. We have an Incident management team who work with slores to tecover premises from any adverse weather
‘consequences.

The Company endeavours ‘9 ensure the appropriate use of resources and materials, minlmise waste and encourage reuse and recycling, ensure the

safe handling and disposal of products, maint Srwironmenial management systems and communicate ts commiment (othe environment, Further,
we strive ta eneure that the team members, customers, pallenls and communities it serves are safe during and after a crisis while maintaining a
continully of service.

Furthermore, the Boots environmental risk register Is reviewed and updated quarterly by the Sustainebillly Taskforce lo assess If the controls In place
are adequate and agree and track the impact of addillanal mitigating actlons, Any uncontrolled risks are escalated (o the Boots Executive.
—_


Boots UK Limited

Strategic report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

‘The Group integrates the process for Identifying, assessing and managing climate-ralated risks into the overall sk management process, specifically
through the ERM and Compliance functions, which are primarily responsible for monitoring the overall risk profile.

At the Group level, risk assessments encompass all stralegic, operational, commercial, regulatory, reputational, legal and financial risks that could have
an adverse impact on wider Group business.

‘The Group Is implementing learnings from the CSA resulls as part of ils ongoing efforts to further Integrate climate-risk management and mitigation
within its ERM and business continully and disaster recovary polices.

‘The environmental risk register feeds Into the overall Boots corporate risk register. This Is reviewed by the UK Governance Commitee, which feeds Into
the Executive Governance Commiliee. Key risks from the Boots corporate risk register feed into the WBA tisk register

Whilst none of the risks and oppor
metrics and targets in this section to be most relevant to assess our Impact on the environment and help millgate or at least reduce the impact of any
long-term risks, as well as benefit from any climate related opportunities. As such the (allowing are relevant:

GHG emissions: Boots regulerly reports GHG emissions end energy consumption across its operations and supply chain, as well as the source
/assaclated with each emissions category.

‘Other: In addition, Boots tracks solld waste generation and disposal methods, the percentage of palm olf that is physically certified by the Roundtable
‘on Sustainable Paim Oil, and reductions in food waste and plastic packaging in line with the Courtauld Food Waste Reduction Roadmap and WRAP's,
UK Plastic Pact, respectively. .

‘The Company annually quantifies Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions —reler to the Directors’ report for lurther delalls.

The section below illustrates the targets used by the business to manage cllmale-related risks and opportunities and performance agalnst targets. None
Of ine risk hava been concluded to be signltcan o the businass atthe te of assessmen, although We heve noled the ype of risks to which our
targets and metrics align, °

10

Boots UK Limited

Strategic report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

a u a Boots: ASS Bes
Transition risk: [Metric allows Reduction [Scope 1: [Boots UK has reduced
Increased pricing of| monitoring of GHG — against —_larget primarily 30,413 31,808 emissions by 4.6% year on
jgreenhouse gas emissions and baseline at [through continued —_ tonnes CO2e | tonnes CO2e | year or 3,323 tonnes,
emissions progress against 2019 focus on energy
targets efficiency Scope 2: |Scope 2: | WBAhas reduced emissions
Improvements at retal | 37,782 39,710 by 29.3% from a 2019
WBA has a target to locations tonnes C02e | ones C026 | baseline including a
teduce absolute Scope reduction of 82,566 tonnes
1 and 2 emissions by year on year.
30% from a 2019
baseline The Bools UK year on year
reduction represents 4.0% of
Target: by 2030 BA's YOY reduction, and
10.6% of WBA's overall
reduction vs its 2019
baseline.
Transiion risk: [Metric allows Waste [Engage with wasie [99.6% of [99.8% of __ | We have achleved less than
Increased pricing of monitoring of waste | sent to contractors to find totalwaste total waste | 1% of operallonal waste to
non-recyclable sent to landfill and —_|landil alternative disposal generated | generated —_|andfil four years In a row,
waste progress againsl method for small _| was recycled |was recycled | wilh most of the waste being
targets amount of feminine Jorreused recycled (including
nyglene waste incinerated with heat
Further reduce waste currenily sent to recovery).
sent to landfil tana
Targot: 100% by the Continue working on
end of FY25 takeback schemes for
problematic waste
materials such as
plastic packaging via
Recycle at Boots,
contact lenses, Insulin
pens and drinks
bollles (through the
Deposit Return
Scheme).
Employco
engagement and
training in waste
_{|_|rinesinitt
Mettic allows Raduclton | Trial of food 28% 36% Resulls are avallable with a
monitoring of food in tonnes of | redistribution planned | reduction vs |reduction vs | year lag, hence figures
waste and progress [food waste |forfinanclal year {2045 2015 shown ee for the previous
against targets versus 2015 |2024, to continue to calendar yeer. Our lalest
basaline achieve a greater figures (reportad in 2024 for
Courtauld Food Waste percentage of food calendar yaar 2023) show a
Reduction Roadmap waste reduotion, |28% reduction versus 2015.
Target: 50% Food sales grew by 6% in
reduction In food 2023, which contributed to
waste by 2030 tho increase In food waste

tonnage. Our food waste as
proportion of food handied
has remained stable (1.91%
In 2023 vs.1.94% In 2022),

: Boots UK ‘Limited? mpany ad)

‘Transitional market | Metric allows ‘% of palm oll | Engage suppilers on | Over 85% Target met for FY24, and
related risk: monitoring of physically transitioning to RSPO target for FY25 Is to maintain
Tax sanctions or sustainable palm oll certified certified supply a minimum of 85% certified
Increased pricing of | use and progress chains. RSPO (Roundtable on
non-sustainable against targets Sustainable Palm Oil) palm
raw materials through physical certification.
sourcing Target: Maintain a

minimum of 85% ‘Data relates to calendar

certified RSPO years (31 Aug 2024 figure

(Roundtable on relates to calendar year

‘Sustainable Palm 2023).

ON), palin through

physical certificatlon

L ~ Ongoing _| a

4

Boots UK Limited

Strategic report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

We are considering the following opportunities in the medium to fong term: :

+ Developing Science Based Targels (through the Science Based Targels inlliative SBT) in relation to selling specific Scope 4, 2 and 3 i
emissions reduction goals.

+ Increasing our efforls on even more energy consumption reduction across all Bools facilities and stores. H

+ Tobe seen as a climate conscious business. :

Overall position on climate related risks and opportunities

In summary, having assessed the risks, we believe thal the short to medium term climate-related risks are not material for our business. However, we
recognise that we will need to keep abreast of fulure climate change legislation, including regulations resulting from the Corporate Sustainability
Reporting Direclive (CRD), the new ISSB standards, and consumer preferences. The risks relating to climate change are therefore an Integral part of
several of our principal risks bul are not currenlly considered lo be a separate principal risk of the business. We also continually assess climate related
‘opportunities and where relevant appropriate business declsions and slrategies are being considered alongside to crystallise such opportunities, which
‘we expect to come through in the long term. i

Future developments
‘The Diréctors do nol foresee a change In the principal activity of the Company and expect the general level of activity to ramain consistent with 2024.

Approved by the Board and signed on Its behall by:

—\

A Thompson
Company Secretary

26 February 2025 i

12

Boots UK Limited

Directors’ report
for the year ended 31 August 2024

‘The Directors present thelr Annual report on the affairs of Bools UK Limited ("the Company’), together with the financial statements and Independent
auditor's report for the year ended 34 August 2024.

Going concern
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. In adopting the going concem basis, the Directors have considered the
business aclivities and principal risks and uncertainties as sot out within the Strategie report.

‘The Company has generated a profil for the year of £211 million (2023: £47 million). At the balance sheet dalo, the Company had nel assets of £866
million (2023; £1,543 million) and net current llabilties of £38 million (2023: £25 millon).

Whilst the Company has net current liabliilles al the balance shaat date, the Company is cash-generative through Its trading operations with £55 million
of cash and cash equivalents as al 31 August 2024 (2023: £30 milion). In addition, the Company partakes in a cash pooling arrangement with a fellow
Group undertaking lo which the Company had £710 milion (2023: £819 milion) of pooled cash which is available on demand. The cash position is
monitored on an ongoing basis to ensure the Company can meet ils lablillies, The decrease in cash in the current year has been driven by payments
relating to the pension buy-in, discussed in note 26, offset by cash Inflows from trading. The Directors have assessed the willingness and ability of the
wider Group to continue lo provide the cash pool facilly to the Company, The cash position Is monitored on an ongoing basis to ensure the Company
can meet lls labilities, Future payments in respect of the pension scheme buy-in, as discussed in note 25, hava been appropriately modelled in the
Company's cash flow projections for the golng concern assessment.

The Directors of the Company continue to monitor and respond to the risks facing the business, as discussed in the Strategic report, and all available
actions have been taken to protect performance and cash, alongside the safely of the Company's employees and customers.

The Directors are aware that there will always be an element of uncertainty around making a going concern assessment.

The Directors of the Company have undertaken a comprehensive assessment to consider the golng concem of the Company. in making thelr
assessment the Directors have considered:
the Company's financial position as at the dale of this report;
+ the unavoidable future cost basls of the business; and
+ the expected future performance of the business.

In considering the expected future performance of the business, the slrateglc planning process reviewed by the Directors of the Company covers the
ext three financial years. The forecasts have been praduced on the following basis:
+ base plan - reflecting managements’ best estimate of business performance; and
+ plausible downside scenarlo - the ‘base plan’ adjusted to reflact any severe but plausible downside scenarios and wider macroeconomic
factors timiting the Company's trading for a further period.

Within each forecast, the Directors have reflected financlal commitments and existing overhead costs.

The base plan and the potential plausible downside scenario forecasts indicate that the Company will remain able to meet Its liabilities as they (all due
for a period of at least 12 months after the approval of these financial statements,

Having considered all factors noted above, the Directors have delermined thal the Company has access to adequate resources to continue operating
for a period of al least 12 months from the date these financial statements are signed, and none of the above factors give rise to any material
uncertainty around the going concern status of the Company. The Directors, therefore, continue to adopl the going concern basis of account in
preparing the financlal statements.

Financial risk management objectives and policies
‘The Company Is exposed to currency, cred, liquidity and interest rate risk, The Group's Treasury function manages these risks at a Group level in
accordance with the Group Treasury Policy Including the use of financlal Instruments for the purpose of managing these risks. Group risks are
discussed In the Group's Annual Report and those applicable to the Company are outlined below.

Liquidity and funding risk
‘The Company Is assentlally funded by @ combination of Its cash from operations, retalned profits and the cash pooling facility with a fellow Group
undertaking. The Company closely monitors liquidity through a robust cash flow process, Cash flow forecasting Is performed al least quarterly, and
forecasts are monitored on a rolling basis lo ensure that the Company meels its liquidity requirements and ensures It has adequate sources of funding
lo meet iis operational needs, Furthermore, Management remain focused on rigorous control of capital expenditure and operating costs,

Credit risk
Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, deposits with banks and financlal institutions and credit exposure from relail customers. Cash and

cash equivalents are held in regulated financial institutions with good credit ratings. Sales {o retall customers are sellled in cash or using major credit
cards, which largely mitigates the risk from customers.

Intorost rate risk
‘The Company Is exposed to interes! rate volalllity with regard to existing debt instruments with Group undertakings. Interest rate risk is monitored al a

Group level and the Group Treasury function initiates necessary hedges to miligate any Interest rate tisk.

Forelgn currency exchange rate risk
‘The Company Is exposed to fluctuations In farelgn currency exchange rales, primarily with respect to the US dollar and Euro, which may result In
fuctuations in cash flows rafated (o foreign currency denominated transactions. The Company enters into forelgn currency forward contracts to hedge
against the effect of exchange rele fluctuations on non-functional currency cash flows. These transactions are almost exclusively less than 12 months
In maturity. In addition, the Company enters Into forelgn currency forward contracts (hal are not designated In hedging relatlonships to offset, in part,
the Impacts of certain intercompany activitles (primarily associated with intercompany finanelng transaciions).

13

Boots UK Limited

Directors’ report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Forelgn currency exchange rate risk (continued)
‘The Company's forelgn currency derivative Instruments are sensitive to changas In exchange rates. The foreign currency derivatives are intended to
partially reduce exposure against anticipated transactions, foreign currency rade payables and recelvables,

Dividends
‘The Company declared and paid a dividend in the year of £58 million (2023: £16 millon). No dividends have baen proposed since the balance sheel
date to the date of this raport.

Future developments
The Company Intends to continue operating in pharmacy, health and beauly retalling. Detalls of fulure developments can be found In the Strategle
report and form part of this report by cross-reference.

Post balance sheet events

On 1 September 2024 the operalions of WBA (IT Services) International Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Walgreens Boots Alliance, were
transferred into the Company, There have been no other significant events subsequently to the balance sheet dale thal should be considered for a
proper understanding of these financial statements,

Existence of branches outside the UK
‘The Company has branches, as defined in section 1046(3) of the Companies Act 2006, autside the UK in Jersey, Guernsey and the Isle of Man.

Directors
The following served as Directors during the year and lo the date of this report (except as noted):

‘S Hunter

AHemmerdinger (appointed: 2 February 2024)

B Horner (resigned: 2 February 2024)

J Kerruish (appointed: 17 September 2024)
S$ James (resigned: 2 Novernber 2024)

Walgreens 8ools Alllance, Inc, provided qualifying third party Indemnity provisions to certain Directors of associated companies during the financial
year and at the dale of this report.

With effect from 4 November 2024 A Hemmerdinger succeeded S James as Chief Executive Officer of the Company following a comprehensive end
effective handover. A Hemmerdinger previously held the position of Retail and Operations Director and therefore brings significant knowledge and
exporience of the business to the role.

Engagement with employees and employment of disabled persons
Ail staff and Directors were employed and pald on behalf of the Company by fellow Group undertaking.

Diversity and inclusion are key aspects of the Company's strong value system and culture which are articulaled in the Diverslly Policy. The Company
never makes any employment-relaled decisions based upon a person's race, colour, gender, age, religion, disabilly, sexual orientation, natlonal origin,
former military stalus, marital status or any olher basis protected by law.

The Company recognises the business and social benefits of employing people with disabilities and will do all thal Is practicable to support them.
Employment policies of the Company alm to ensure thal, within the areas of attraction, recrullment, promotion and retention, people with disabilities
receive treatment that Is fair, equitable and consistent with thelr sklls and abilities. Employment practices are reviewed regulerly to ensure thay provide
‘equallly of opportunity, selection, promotion and training. All job applicants called for Interview are asked whether they require any special facilites or
assistance at the interview. If an existing colleague becomes disabled, every effort is made to retrain and retain them within the Company, wharever
reasonable and practicable. If any colleague wilh a disabilly feels they have been \reated In a way that Is conlrary to this policy, we encourage the
Issue be raised with the most appropriate manager, Every effort is made to secure a satisfactory resolution, elther through Informal means or formally
through the grievance redressal procedure.

The Company, elther directly or through Ils associated companies, alms to ensure thal all employees are Informed about, and engaged with, their part
of the business, augmented by a deeper understanding of ils future directlon. Some of the approaches used lo fulfll these would Include performance
reviews/appraisals, communications through emall, intranet, bulletin boards, weekly CEO ‘Viogs', Balcony briefings and town hall meetings with senior
management. These engagements also allow the Company to take Into account the views of the employees In Its decision making process.

Further detalls of how the Company and its Directors have engaged with employees Is included in section 172 of the Strategic report.

‘Statement of corporate governance arrangements
The Directors believe thal a commitment to slrong corporate govemance standards is an essential element of enhancing long-term shareholder value
Ina sustainable manner, The Company does not report agains! any formal corporate governance code, as the Company is part of a US listed group
and [s governed by the WBA Group's Corporate Governance Guidelines, Being a part of the Walgreens Boots Alliance, inc, Group, the Company
adheres to the Corporate Governance Guldelines (the “Guidelines") that have been adopted by Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. to assist the Board In
the exercise of its responsibilities on behalf of the Company and its shareholders. The guidelines are intended 1o provide guidance as @ component of
the flexible framework within which the Directors oversee and direct affairs of the Company. The Board also complies wilh the Code of Conduct and
Business Ethics, Issued by the Group which are applicable to all employees, officers and Directors of the Company. A copy of the Corporate
Governance Guldslines can be found al hilps://investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com/corporate-governance.com.

In addition, the Company adheres to the robust framework of delegated authoritles and Internal policies adopted by the Group, which support the
Group's corporate governance arrangements throughout the organisation,

14

!
t
i


Boots UK Limited

Directors’ report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Board composition

‘The Company has @ Board of Directors comprised of three Directors as staled above. The Board Is supported by certain focused sub-groups covering
specific malters, including the Crisls Management Team; the UK Governance Committee; the Capital Committee; and other Colleague Forums which
have been established to direclly advise and engage with the Company and the Board as required. All groups are led by members of the Senior
Leadership Team who keep the wider Executive Committee (a subsection of which comprises the Company's Directors) informed of all relevant
mattors.

Directors’ responsibilities

‘The Company's Directors are appointed to thelr roles on the basis of thelr experience, capability and thelr abliiy to lead the business In Ils effective and
siralegic decision-making. As a part of thelr induction, the Directors of the Company are briefed on their dulles including those under Sectlon 172(1),
and they can access professional advice on these either from the Company Secretary or, If hey Judge necessary, from independent advisors for
affective discharge of their duties.

When making any decisions, the Directors consider, both individually and together, the matters sel out in Section 172(1) (a-f), as listed in the Strategic
report, and have acted in a way they consider, In good falth, would be most likely to promote the success of the Company for the benefit of Its
members, as a whole. When making decisions, the Directors take Into account the viewpoints of the Company's slakeholders, Including employees,
suppliers, customers and others.

Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 requires a Director of a Company to act In the way they consider, In good faith, would most likely promote the
long-term success of the Company for the benefit of Its members as a whole and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to: the likely
consequences of any decision in the fong erm; (he interests of the Company's employees; the need (o foster the Company's business relationships
with suppliers, customers and others; the Impact of the Gompany’s operations on the community and the environment; the desirabilly of the Company
maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and the need to act falrly as belween members of the Company.

Directors’ conduct

‘The WA Group has adopled @ Code of Conduct and Business Ethics applicable to all employees, officers and Directors of the wider Group, Including
the Company thal incorporates policies and guidelines designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote honest and ethical conduct and compliance with
applicable laws and regulations. The Group has also adopted a Code of Ethics for the CEO and Financial Executives. This Code applies to and has
been signed by the Chief Execulive Officer, the Chief Financial Offer and Chief Accounting Officer.

Chatters of all committees of the Group's Board of Directors, as well as the Group's Corporate Governance Guldelines and Code of Ethics for the CEO
and Financial Executives and Code of Conducl and Business Elhles, are available on the Group Company's website al htlps:/!
Investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com.

Regular training is provided on key areas of risk, compliance and governance Including anll-bribery and corruption, data protection, health and safety
and diversity which helps to ensure that decisions across the Company are underpinned with the consideration of compliance and good governance.

‘A Whistleblower Helpline Is available to all employees to provide a confidential and anonymous route for any concerns around Company or Director
behaviour or compliance to be reported, investigated and addressed accordingly.

Engagement with shareholders
Mr A Hemmerdinger (being one of the Company's Directors) reports directly to Ms O Barra who Is the Co-Chief Operating Officer for the Group's
ullimate parent Company, Walgreens Bools Alliance, Inc., and as such, there is regular communication between the Company's Directors and the

parent Company.

Statement on business relationships

Boots UK Limited aims to operate falrly, transparenily and with Integrity In the marketplace. The Company along with Its associate companies, engages
with lis customers, suppliers and other key slakeholders through multiple channels. These may include face to face Interactions, social media
Interactions, conferences, corporate/business websites and surveys. This provides a broad and diversa understanding of the evolving priorities of
various stakeholders and helps the Directors to consider these views in thelr decision making. Please also refer lo $172 statement within the Strategic

report,
Energy and Carbon reporting

Bools UK Limited Is committed to the protection of the environment and the reduction of ils carbon footprint, As per changes introduced by the 2018
Regulations of the Companies Act 2006, the Directors of the Company are required to report on the energy and carbon information relaling to the

Company.

The relaled carbon footprint, measured In GO2e tonnes, Is calculated from the usage data submitted for energy usage from gas and electricity,
‘outbound product delivery, and business travel activity. Boots UK Limited's Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon emissions figures are derived by following the
Greenhouse Gas Protocol, using emission factors published by the Department of Energy Security and Nel Zero, to convert quanilties of stationary and
mobile fuel consumed, fugitive emissions and purchased electricity across our estate, Into tonnes of CO2 equivalant.Conversion factors are updaled
annually to reflect the factors published by the Department of Energy Security and Net Zero that are in effect as of 31 August of the reporting year.

16


ited

Boots UK Li

Directors’ report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Energy and Carbon reporting (continued)

The Company's financial year greenhouse gas emissions and energy use dala were as follows:

2024 2023
Energy consumption used to calculate emissions’ 395,376,322 KWh 390,390,808 kWh
‘Scope 4 emissions In metric tonnes CO2e:
Onsite CHP plant - eleciriclty 14,582 13,770
Gas consumption 8,934 10,012
Onsite CHP plant - heat 9,054 6,807
Heat oll consumption 20 20
Diesel for energy usage 12 32
Fuel for transport purposes? 811 1,167
Total Scope 1 30,413 31,808
Scope 2 emissions In metric tonnes CO2e:
Purchased electriclty 37,782 39,710
Total Scope 2 37,782 39,710
Scope 3 emissions in metric tonnes CO2e:
Business travel In employee owned vehicles 3,632 3,104
Third party transport of outbound products? 20,351 16,162
Total Scope 3 23,983 19,266
Tolal gross emission in metric tonnes CO2e 92,178 90,784
£4 milion sales 7.313 7,053
Intensity ratio Tonnes CO2e per £4 millon sales . 12.6 129

‘Includes the total energy consumption of the emissions below.
7 The comparatives have been restated for consistency and comparability with the current year disclosure.

‘The Company's sustainabliily strategy Is based upon the bollef that healthy communities need a healthy planet, Bools UK Limited alms to continue to
be an agent of change, focusing on its own ‘Bootprin!’ and minimising the Impact of its products and supply chains alongside making sure ils slores and
sites are fulure-fil,

In partnership with No7, Bools offers a ‘Recycle at Bools' scheme where customers can bring thelr emply hard-to-recycle beauly, health and weliness
products Into over 700 stores across the UK, In return for Boots Advantage Card poinis. As at 31 August 2024 the scheme had recycled 5,007,045
health and beauly products and 90,240 tablet blister packs.

‘The Company Is a member of the UK Plasiles Pact to tackle the Issue of plastic waste. As a major retailer, the Company plays a significant role in
tackling the Issues of plastic pollullon and over-consumption and is commilled {o reduce plastic across the business as quickly as possible, rethinking
packaging and boosting innovation to reducs and reuse plastics.

Multiple measures have been laken by the Company to reduce its on-site energy consumption and carbon footprint, including the replacement of
inefficient lighting with LED (light emitting diode) technology, Installing doors on fridges within stores and the Improving the healing, venillatton and alr
conditloning systems.

The Company also aims to reduce CO; ¢ emisstons across the business, via a reduction in both on-site energy usage and CO,8 emissions in relallon to
business travel and distribution, Since 1915, the Company has been generaling its own energy using our first Combined Heal and Power (CHP) Plant
al the Nottingham site, Today, most of the energy used by the Nollingham sie is generated through this highly efficient CHP technology.

At Boots, we want to Inspire change and lead the way towards a more sustainable fulure, Further climate related disclosures are Included in the
Strategle report.

Auditor
Pursuant to s487 Companies Act 2008, Delollte LLP were deemed lo be reappointed and will therefore continue In office.

Disclosure of information to the auditor

The Diractors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm thet, so far as they are each aware, there Is no relevant audit
informaiton of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audi information and to establish that the Company's auditor Is aware of thal information.

This confirmation is given and should be Interpreted in accordance with the provisions of section 418 of the Companies Act of 2006.

16

|


Boots UK Limited

Directors’ report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by: i

A Thompson
Company Secretary
26 February 2025,

Registered office:
Nottingham .
NG2 3AA !

Registered in England and Wales No. 00928555 i


Boots UK Limited

Directors’ responsibilities statement
for the year ended 31 August 2024

‘The Directors ara responsible for preparing the Annual report and the financial stalements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

‘Company law requires the Directors to prepare financlal statements for each financial year, Under thal law the Directors have elected lo prepare the
financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepled Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards and
applicable law), including FRS 101 *Reduced Disclosure Framework".

Under Company law the Directors must nol approve the financial statements unless they are salisfied that they give a (rue and fair view of the slate of
affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for thal period,

In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

+ select sullable accounting pollcies and then apply them consistently;

+ make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ stale whether applicable United Kingdom Accounting Standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and
explained In the financial statements; and

+ prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless It is Inappropriate to presume thal the Company will continue in business.

The Directors ara responsible for keeping adequate accounting records thal are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and
disclose with reasonable accuracy al any time the financlal position of the Company end enable them (o ensure that the financial statements comply
with the Companies Act 2006, They are also responsible for safeguarding the assels of the Company end hence for taking reasonable steps for the
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

18

i
i


Independent auditor's report
to the members of Boots UK Limited

Report on the audit of the financlal statements

Opinion
Jn our opinion the financial statements of Boots UK Limited (the ‘Company’:
+ give @ trus and far view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 August 2024 and of its profil for the year then ended;
have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practica, including Financlal Reporting
Slandard 101 "Reduced Disclosure Framework"; and .
+ have been prepared In accordance with the requirements of the Companles Act 2006,

‘We have audited the financlal statements which comprise:
+ the Income statement;
+ the Statement of comprehensive income;
+ the Balance sheet;
+ the Statement of changes In eqully; and
the related notes 1 to 37.

The financial reporting framework thal has been applied in thelr preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including
Financial Reporting Standard 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework" (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Praciice).

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit In accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibiliies under those
standards are further described In the auditor's responsibillies for the audit of the financial slalements section of our report,

We are independent of the company In accordance with the ethical requirements thal are relevant to our audit of the financial statements In the UIC,
Including the Financial Reporting Coune!'s ((he ‘FRC's’) Ethical Standard, and we have (ulflled our other ethical responsibilities In accordance with
thase requirements, We believe thal the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis far our opinion,

Conclustons relating to gong concern
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded thal the Directors" use of the going concern basis of accounting In the preparatton of the

flnanclal statements Is appropriate.

Our evaluation of the Diractors’ assessment of the Company's ability to continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting included:

+ obtaining an understanding of the company’s controls over the development and approval of the projections and assumptions used In the:
cash flow forecasts to support the going concern assumption;

+ testing the reasonableness of the assumptions used in the cashllow forecasts supported by relevant Internal and external evidence.

+ esting the arithmetical accuracy of the cash flow forecast model,

+ completing an assessment of the consistency of the models used fo prepare the forecasts In line with other areas of our audit;

+ performing a look back analysis of the historical accuracy of forecasts prepared by management;

+ assessing the adequacy of the leller of support recelved from Weybright FSL. Limited ensuring the Group can continue to provide support
through the cash poo! facity,

+. performing sensitivity analysis on managements forecasts; and

+ assessing the adequacy of the disclosures In the financial statements.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not Identified any material uncertainties relating fo events or conditions thal, individually or collectively,
may cast significant doubt on the company's ability to continue as a golng concern for a period of al least twelve months from when the financlal
stalaments are authorised for Issue,

Our responsibililles and the responsibilities of the Directors with respect to golng concern are described In the relevant sections of this report.

Other Information

‘The other information comprises the [nformation included In the annual report, other than the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. The
Directors are responsible for the olher information contained within the annual report. Our opinion on the financial statements does nol cover the other
Information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report, wo do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility Is to read the ather Information and, in doing so, consider whether the other Information Is materially inconsistent with the financial
statements, or our knowledge obtained In the course of the audit, or otherwise appears fo be materially misstated. If we identify such material
Inconsistencles or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement In the financlal
statements themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there Is a materlal misstatement of this ather information, we are

required to report thal fact.
‘We have nothing (o report In this regard.

Responsibliities of Directors
‘As explained more fully In the Directors’ responsibilites statement, the directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for

belng satisfied that they give a true and falr view, and for such Internal control as the Directors determine Is necessary (o enable the preparation of
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due lo fraud or error.

In preparing the financial stalemenls, the Direclors are responsible for assessing the Company's abllly to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as

applicable, malters related to going concer and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors ellher Intend to liquidate the
‘Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

19


Independent auditor's report
to the members of Boots UK Limited (continued)

Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financlal statements
‘Our objectives ara (o obtain reasonable assurance aboul whether the financial slatements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due
lo fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that Includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but Is not a guarantee
thal an audit conducted in accordance with {SAs (UK) will always delect a material misstatement when Il exisis, Misstatemenls can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material If, individually or In the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to Influence the economic decisions of users
laken on the basis of these financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements Is located on the FRC's websile al: wwwirc.org.uk/
audlorsresponsibilities, This description forms part of our auditor's report.

Extent to which the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, Including fraud

Irregularities, including fraud, are Instances of non-compllance with laws and regulallons, We design procedures In line with our responsibilites,
outlined above, fo defect material misstatements in respact of irregularities, including fraud, The extent to which our procedures are capable of
detecting Irregularitles, Including fraud Is detalled below.

We considered the nature of the Company's industry and Its control environment, and reviewed the Company's documentation of their polictes and
procedures relating to fraud and compliance with laws and regulations, We also enquired of management and the Direclors about their own
Idenlification and assessment of the risks of Irregularitles, Including those thal are specific to the Company's business sector.

We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks thal the Company operates in, and identified the key laws and regulations that:

+ had a direct effect on the determination of material amounts and disclosures in the financlal statements. These included UK Companies Act,
pensions leglstation, tax legistation; and

+ donot have a direct effect on the financial stalements bul compliance with which may be fundamental lo the company’s ability to operate or

to avold a material penalty.

We discussed among the audit engagement {eam Including relevant internat specialists such as (ax, pensions, Valuation and IT specialists regarding
the opportunitles and incentives thal may exist within the organisation for fraud and how and where fraud might occur in the financial statements.

As a resull of performing the above, we identified the greatest potential for fraud In the following area, and our specifte procedures performed to
address It are described below:

We have Identified a significant risk due to fraud In relation to the fair value of pharmacy licenses used in the company's store Impairment model.

In response to this risk we have performed the following procedures:

We obtained an understanding of managements Impairment review process;

+ We tesied the design and implementation of controls over the calculalion of the fair value of pharmacy licenses;

+ We tested the arithmetical accuracy of the pharmacy licanse fair value cafculations;

+ We performed test of detall over historical sales and surrenders of pharmacy licenses used In calculating the fair value of pharmacy licenses;

+ We challenged the appropriateness of management's assumptions in calculating the fair value of pharmacy licenses, considering market
historical dala; and

. ‘We evaluated the reasonableness of using the fair values within managements impairment review process against the requirements of !AS
36 - Impairment of Assets.

in common with all audits under ISAs (UK), we are also required to perform specific procedures to respond to the risk of management override. In
addressing the risk of fraud through management override of controls, we lested the appropriateness of journal entrles and other adjustments;
assessed whether the judgements made in making accounting estimates are indicative of a potential bias; and evaluated the business rationale of any

significant transactions thal are unusual or outsida the normal course of business.

In addition to the above, our procedures to respond to the risks identified included the follow!
+ reviewing financial statement disclosures by testing {o supporting documentation to assess compliance with provisions of relevant laws and

regulations described as having a direct effect on the financial statements;

performing analytical procedures to identi any unusual or unexpected relalionships that may Indicate risks of materlal misstatement due to

fraud;

enquiring of management and in-house legal counsel concerning actual and potential Iltgation and claims, and Instances of non-compliance

with laws and regulations; and

reading minutes of meetings of those charged with governance, reviewing internal audit reports, and reviewing correspondence with HMRC

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

Opinions on other matiers prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:
+ the Information given In the strategic report and the Direclors’ report for the financial year for which the financlal statements are prepared Is

consistent with the financial statements; and
+ the Strategic report and the Directors’ report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements,

In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the Company and its environment oblained during the audll, we have not Identified any material
misstatoments in the strategie report or the Directors' report.


Independent auditor's report
to the members of Boots UK Limited (continued)

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2008 we are aquired to report in respect af the following matters In our opinion:
adequele accounting records have nol been kept, or returns adequate for our audi have not been received from branches nol visited by us;
or
+ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
+ certain disclosures of Directors remuneration specified by faw are not made; or
+ we have not recelved al the Information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in respect of these mailers.

Use of our report
This report is made sololy to the company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapler 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006, Our audit work
has been undertaken so that we migh! stale to |he company's members those matters we are required to slate to them in an auditor's report and for no-
other purpose, To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibilty lo anyone other than the company and the company’s,
members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed,

Joann Wang

Joanna Waring FCA (Senlor statutory auditor)
For and on behall of Deloitte LLP

‘Statutory Auditor

Birmingham, UK

26 February 2025

24


Boots UK Limited

Income statement
for the year ended 31 August 2024

2024 2023 :

Notes Emilion Emilon
Revenue 5 7,313 7,053
Cost of sales (4,632) (4,508) ‘
Gross profit 2,681 2,547 :
Other operating Income 13 18
Past service pension credit 25 219 - !
Distribution costs (2,249) (2,151)
Administrative expenses (390) (328) Hl
Operating profit 274 88 :
Income from shares in Group undertakings and associates 9 67 7 Po
Finance income 9 25 43 i od
Finance cosis 40 (97) (78) BG
Profit before taxation 269 60 1
Taxation “4 (58) (43) :
Profit for the year 6 21 47 :

Revenue and operaling profil are derived from continuing operations, J

‘The accompanying noles to the financial statements are an integral part of the Company's financial statements,

22

Boots UK Limited

Statement of comprehensive income
for the year ended 31 August 2024

2024 2023
Notes Emilion £million
Profit for the year att a7
Other comprehensive (expense)/income for the year
items that will not be reclassifled subsequently to the Income statement: .
Remeasurement losses on defined benefit pension plans 25,27 (1,056) (402)
Falr value loss on investments in equity instruments designated at FVTOCI 17,29 (41) (2)
‘Tax on {tems that will not be reclassified subsequently to Income statement a7 267 101
(830) (303)
Items that are or may be reclassified to the Income statement:
Remeasurament losses on forelgn currency options 28 = ay
- “)
Total comprehensive expense for the year (619) (257)

‘The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of the Company's financlal statements,

23


Boots UK Limited

Balance sheet
as at 31 August 2024

2024 2023
Notes Emillion Emilton
‘Assels
Non-current assets
Intangible assets: 13 666 855
Property, plant and equipment 14 495 845
Rightof-use assets 32 1,266 1,396
Investments in subsidiaries 45 8 4
Interests in associates and joint ventures 16 14 4
‘Other equity Investments 47 66 107
Deferred tax assets 24 119 -
Trade and other recolvables 19 1 1
Defined benefit pension asset 26 = 210
2,645 3,142
Current assets
Inventories 18 639 705
Current tax assets 34 50
‘Trade and other recelvables 49 980 1,059,
Assels held for sale 20 4 8
Cash and bank balances 55 30
4,772 1,852
Total assets 4417 4,994
Liabilities
Current liabilities
‘Trade and other payables a (1,629) (1,668)
Lease llabilles 32 (175) (191)
Provistons 23 (6) (20)
(1,810) (1.877)
Net current liabilities (38) (25)
Tolal assets less current liabilities 2,607 3117
Non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables 2 (4) ©)
Lease.liabililles 32 (4,388) (4,474)
Long term provisions. 23 (42) (26)
Defined benefit pension tlabiity 26 (307) _
Deferred tax liabilities 24 = (69)
(1,744) (1,574)
Total Habilities (3,651) (3.451)
Net assets 866 1,543
Equity
Called up share capitat 26 710 710
Acluarial reserve a7 (672) 7
Investment revalualion reserve 29 (428) (87)
Relained earnings 30 956 803
Total equity 866 1,543

‘The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an inlegral part of the Company's financial statements,

The financial stalements of Boots UK Limited (registered number: 00928555) were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for Issue on

28 February 2028, The financial statements were signed on its behall by:

$ Hunter
Director
26 February 2025

24


Boots UK Limited

Statement of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Called up Investment
share Actuarial Hedging —_ revaluation Retained
capital reserve reserve reserve earings Total equity
£miilion Emilion Emilion Emilion £miillon Emilion .

At 4 September 2022 710 418 4 (85) 7 4,815
Profit for the year - = - _ 47 47
Other comprehensive expense for the year = (301) ) @), = (304)
Tolal comprehensive (expense)/income for
the year - (801) 0) @) a7 (287)
Dividends pald (note 12) = = = = (15) (15)
At 34 August 2023 710 17 - (87) 803 1,543 i
Profit for the year - - - - ant 24 :
Other comprehensive (expense\/income for
the year = (789) = (41) = (830) :
Tolal comprehensive (expenseyincome for
the year - (789) - (41) ant (619)
Dividends patd (note 12) = = = = (58) (58)
At34 August 2024 710 (672) = (128) 956 866

‘The accompanying notes to the financlal statements are an integral parl of the Company's financial statements,

25 }


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements
for the year ended 31 August 2024

4. General Information

Bools UK Limited ("the Company’) Is @ privale Company limited by shares and Incorporated In the United Kingdom under the Companies Act and Is
registered in England and Wales.

‘The address of the registered office Is given on page 17,

The nature of the Company's operations anu Its principal activities are sel aul In the Strategic report on page 1.

2, Adoption of new and revised standards

New and amended IFRS Accounting Standards that are effective for the current year

In the current year, the Company has applied a number of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards Issued by the International Accounting
‘Standards Board (IASB) that are mandatorily effective for an accounting perlod that begins on or after 1 January 2023. Their adoption has not had any
‘material Impact on the disclosures or on the amounts reported In these financial statements.

IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts
{eetudng the June 2020 and

ember 2021 Amendments
lo IFRS 17)

The Company has adopted IFRS 17 and the related amendments for the first time in the current year. IFRS 17
establishes the principles for the recogalion, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts and
supersedes IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts.

IFRS 17 outlines a general model, which Is modified for Insurance contracts with direct participation features,
describad as the variable fee approach. The general model Is simplified If certain criterla are met by measuring the
llabllly for remaining coverage using the premium allocation approach. The general model uses current assumplions
to estimate the amount, timing and uncertainty of fulure cash flows and \t explicitly measures the cost of that!
uncertainty. Il takes into account market Inlerest rates and the impact of policyholders’ options and guarantees.

The Company does nol have any contracts thal meet the definition of an Insurance contract under IFRS 17.

a to JAS 1
Presentation of Financial
Statements and IFRS
Practice Stalemen! 2 Making
Malerialily Judgements —
‘Disclosure of Accounting
Policies

The Gompany has adopted the amendments to IAS + for tho fst time in th current yoar. The amendments change
{the requirements in {AS 1 with regard to disclosure of accounting policies, The amendments replace all instances of
the term ‘significant accounting polices’ with ‘material accounting policy information’. Accounting policy Information Is
‘materll if, when considered togelher with olher Information Included In an entity's financial statements, it can
reasonably be expected lo Influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financlal statements make
based on those financial statements.

‘The supporting paragraphs in IAS 1 are also amended to clarify that accounting policy information that relates to
Immaterial transactions, other events or conditions Is immaterial and need not be disclosed. Accounting policy
Information may be material because of the nature of the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the
amounts are Immaterial. However, nol all accounting policy Information relaling to material transactions, other events
‘or conditlons Is itself materlal.

The IASB has also developed guidance and examples (o explain and demonstrate the application of the ‘four-step
materiality process’ described In IFRS Praclice Statement 2.

‘Amendments to IAS 12
income Taxes — Deferred
‘Tax related to Assets and
Liablilties arising from a
Single Transaction

The Company has adopted the amendments to IAS 12 for the first time in tho current year. The amendments
lintcoduce a further exceplion from the initia) recognition exemption. Under the amendments, an enlily does nol apply
the Initlal recognition exemption for transactions thal give rise to equal taxable and deduciible temporary differences.
Depending on the applicable tax law, equal taxable and deduclible temporary differences may arise on Initial
recognition of an asset and (labllily In a transactlon that Is not a business combination and affects nelther accounting
profit nor taxable profit.

Following the amendments to 1AS 12, an entity Is required to recognise the related deferred tax assel and liability, with,
the recognition of any deferred lax assel being subject lo the recoverability criteria In IAS 12.

‘Amendments to IAS 12
Income Taxes Intemational
Tax Relorm — Pillar Two
Model Rules

th

The Company has adopted the amendments to {AS 12 for the first time in the current year. The IASB amends the
scope of IAS 12 o clarify that the Standard applies to Income taxes arising from tax law enacled or substantively
enacted 1o Implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the OECD, including lax law that Implements qualified
domestic minimum top-up taxes described In those rules.

The amendments introduce a temporary exceplion to the accounting requirements for deferred laxes in IAS 12, so,
that an entity would nelther recognise nor disclose Information about deferred tax assets and liabllles related to Pillar|

‘Two Income taxes.

Following the amendments, the Company Is required to disclose thal It has applied the exception and to disclose
separately lls current lax expense (income) related to Pillar Two Income (axes.

‘Amendments to !AS 8
‘Accounting Policies, Changes
In Accounting Estimates and
Errors — Definition of
Accounting Estimates

‘The Company has adopled the amendments lo IAS 8 for the first time in the current year. The amendments replace|
the definition of a change In accounting estimates with a definition of accounting estimates. Under the new definition,
accounting esllmates are “monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject (o measurement uncertainty”.
‘The definilion of a change in accounting eslimates was deleted,

3, Material accounting policles

Basis of accounting

‘These financial statements are presented In pounds sterling because that Is the Company's functional currency and the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the Company operates. All amounts In the financial statements and notes have been rounded to the nearest million,

unless otherwise stated,

26

Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

3, Materlal accounting policies (continued)

Basis of accounting (continued)
‘These financial statements are individual accounts. The Company is exempt from the preparation of consolidated financial statements under s401 of
the Companies Act 2006, because It Is included In the Group accounts of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.. The Group accounts of Walgreens Boots
Alllance, Inc. are avallable from the Walgreens Boots Alliance website at winw.walgreensbootsalliance.com. The principal office of the parent Company
preparing consolidated accounts Is 108 Wilma! Road, Deerfield, Ilinois, 60015, United States.

19 entily under FRS 100 ‘Application of Financial Reporting Requirements’ Issued by ihe FRC.

‘The Company meets the definition of a quall
rd 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS

Accordingly, these financlal statements were prepared In accordance with Financial Reporting Stan

101"). The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, excepl for the following:
(i) certain financial assets and llabilies (Including derivative instruments) - measured at falr value;
(i) assets held for sale - measured at lower of carrying amount and falr value less costs to sell, and
(il) defined benefit pension plans - plan assets measured at falr value.

Fair value Is the price that would be recsived (0 sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability In an orderly transaction between market participants al the
measurement dale, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of
an asset or a tlabilily, the Company takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics
Into account when pricing the asset or tiabilily al the measurement date. Fair value for measurement purposes in these financial stalements Is
determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2, leasing transactions thal are within the
scope of IFRS 16, and measurements thal have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as nel realisable value In IAS 2 or value In
use in IAS 36,

‘The Company has taken advantage of the following disclosure exemptions under FRS 101;

(2) the requirements of paragraphs 45(b) and 46-52 of IFRS 2 Share based Payment, because the share based payment arrangement concerns
the instruments of anothar group entity;

(b) the requirements of paragraph 33(c) of IFRS 6 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations;

(c) the requirements of IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures, .

(6) the requirements of paragraphs 91-99 of IFRS 13 Falr Value Measurement;

{e} the requirement In paragraph 38 of IAS 4 Presentation of Financial Statements lo present comparalive information in respect of:
(i) paragraph 79(a\(v) of IAS 4, Presentation of Financial Statements;
(i) paragraph 73(@) of !AS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment;
{ill paragraph 118(e) of IAS 38 Infanglble Assets;

(0) the requirements of paragraphs 10(d), 10(0), 16, 30A, 388, 38C, 380, 40A, 408, 400, 490, 411 and 134-136 of IAS 1 Presentation of Financial
Slatements; Statement of cash flows, statement of financial position for the earllest comparative perlod, capital management disclosures;

{g) the requirements of |AS 7 Stalement of Cash Flows;

(h) The requirements of paragraphs 30 and 31 of IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estim
{\) the requirements of paragraph 17 and 18A of IAS 24 Related Parly Disclosures;

() the requirements In JAS 24 Related Party Disclosures (0 disclose related party transactions entered into between two or more members of a
group, provided that any subsidiary which is @ party to the transaction Is wholly owned by such a member;

{k) the requirements of the second sentence of paragraph 110 and paragraphs 113(a), 114, 115, 118, 119(a) to (c), 120 to 127 and 129 of IFRS 15
Revenue from Contracts with Customers; and

() the requirements of paragraphs 88C and 88D of IAS 12 Income faxes.
Where relevant, equivalent disclosures have bean given in the Group accounts of Walgreens Bools Alllance, Inc.
‘The material accounting policies adopled are set out below,

Going concern
The financial slatements have been prepared on a going concer basis, In adopting the going concern basis, the Directors have considered the

business activities and principal risks and uncertalnlles as set out within the Strategic report,

‘The Company generated a profit for the year of £211 million (2023: profit of £47 million). At the balance sheet date, the Company had net assets of
£868 million (2023: £1,543 milion) and net current liabilities of £38 million (2023; £25 million).

‘Whilst the Company has net current liablties at the balance sheet date, the Company Is cash-generalive through its trading operations with £55 milion
of cash and cash equivalents as al 31 August 2024 (2023: £30 milion). In addition, the Company partakes In a cash pooling arrangement with a fellow
Group underteking to which the Company had £710 milion (2023: £819 millon) of pooled cash which Is available on demand, The cash position Is
monitored on an ongoing basis to ensure the Company can meet its llablllles, The decrease in cash in the current yaar has been driven by payments
relating to tha pension buy-in, discussed In note 25, offset by cash inflows from trading. The Directors have assessed the willingness and abilily of the
wider Group to continue to provide the cash poo! faclity to the Company. The cash position Is monitored on an ongoing basis to ensure tha Company
can meet its llabilitlas, Future payments in respect of the pension scheme buy-in, as discussed in note 25, have been appropriately modelled in the


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

3, Material accounting policies (continued)
Going concern (continued)
‘Company's cash flow projections for the going concarn assessment.

‘The Directors of the Company continue to monitor and respond (0 the risks facing the business, as discussed In the Strategic report, and all avallable
actions have been taken to protect performance and cash, alongside the safely of the Company's employees and customers.

‘The Directors are aware that there will always be an element of uncertainty around making a going concern assessment.

The Directors of the Company have undertaken a comprehensive assessment to consider the golng concern of the Company. In making thelr
assessment the Directors have considered:

+ the Company's financial position es at the date of this report;

+ the unavoidable future cost basis of the business; and

+ the expected fulure performance of the business.

In considering the expected future performance of the business, the strategic planning process reviewed by the Directors of the Company covers the
next three financial years. The forecasis have been produced on the following basis:

+ base plan - reflecting managements’ best estimate of business performance; and

+ plausible downside scenario - the ‘base plan’ adjusted to reflect any severe but plausible downside scenarios end wider macroeconomic

factors limiting the Company's trading for a further perlod.
Within each forecast, the Directors have reflected financial commitments and existing overhead costs.

The base plan and the potential plausible downside scenario forecasts indicate that the Company will remain able to meet ils liabilities as they fall due
for a period of al least 12 months after the approval of these financial statements.

Having considered all factors noted above, the Directors have determined that the Company has access to adequate resources to continue operating
for a period of at least 12 months {com the dale these financial statements are signed, and none of the above factors glve rise to any material
uncertainty around the going concern status of the Company. The Directors, therefore, continue to adopt the going concern basis of account in
preparing the financial statements.

Investments in subsidlarles
Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less, where appropriate, provistons for impairment.

Investments in associates

An associate Is an entlly over which the Company has significant Influence and that Is nelther a subsidiary nor an interest In a jolnt venture, Significant
influence Is the power to partlelpate in the {Inanclal and operating policy decisions of the Investes but is not control or Joint control over those policies.
Investments in associates are accounted for at cost less, where appropriate, provisions for Impalrment,

Impairment of Investments in subsidlarles and associates

‘At each balance sheet date, the Company reviews the carrying amounls of ils Investments lo determine whether there Is any Indication that those
assets have suffered an Impairment loss. If any such Indicatlon exlsls, the recoverable amount of the asset Is estimated to determine the extent of the
impalrment loss (if any), Where the asset does not generate cash flows that are Independent from other assels, the Company estimates the
recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

Recoverable amount Is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value In use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to thelr present vatue using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the tIme value of money and the risks
specific to the asset for which the eslimatas of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) Is estimated to be less than Ils carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or
cash-generaling unit) Is reduced to its recoverable amount. An Impairment loss Is recognised immedialely in profil or loss, unless the relevant asset Is,
carried at a revalued amount, in which case the Impairment loss Is treated as a revalualion decrease.

Where an Impairment loss subsequenlly reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) Is Increased to the revised estimate of Its,
recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no
Impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an Impairment loss {s recognised Immediately in
profit or loss, unless the relevant asset (s carried at a revalued amount, in which case the raversal of the impalrment loss Is treated as a revaluation

increase.

Revenue recognition
Revenue Is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitied In exchange for transferring goods or
services to the customer, net of discounts, VAT and olher sales-related taxes. Revenue eslimalions are reduced for estimaled customer returns,

rebates and other similar allowances.

Sale of goods
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when the control Is transferred to the customer, When goods are sold together with loyally points, the

consideration Is reallocated between the goods an the loyally points based on standalone value.
In respect of the Boots loyally scheme, the Advantage Card, as points are issued to customers, the relall fair value of those points expected to be

redeemed Is deferred, When the points are used by customers they ara recorded as revenue, Sales of glft vouchers are only Included In revenue when
vouchers are redeemed, Any breakage on gill cards Is recognised based on the redemption pattern.

28


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

3. Materlal accounting policies (continued)
Revenue recognition (continued)

Pharmacy vevenue
Que to the nature of pharmacy dispensing revenue, there is an element of estimation Involved. Pharmacy service revenue Is recognised in tine with
vwinen the service Is delivered to the customer based on agreed pricing for the services performed, Due to the liming of the recelpt of dispensing
revenue and remittance Information an accrual |s held for this revenue until the remittance information [s avaliable,

Dividend end interest revenue
Dividend income from investments ts recognised when tha shareholders’ rights to recelve payment have been established,

Finance income is accrued on a time basis, by reference {o the principal outstanding and al the effective interest rate applicable, which Is the rate that
exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to that asset's net carrying amount on initial recognitton.

Commercial income

‘The Company recelves funding from suppliers, some of which {s conditional on he Company running promotions, placing products In specified
locattons, or executlon of marketing aclivilies. Funding is recognised within the Income statement when it Is probable that It will be received and the
amount can be rellably estimated (e.g. when the appropriate conditions have been met), Where funding relates to purchased inventories, the funding Is
recognisad in cost of sales, Where funding relales to reimbursement of administralive expenses, the funding is recognised in administrative expanses,
Reimbursement In excess of the related administrative expenses Is recognised in cost of sales. Funding receivable from suppliers is recorded within
the trade payables balance on the Balance Sheel where there Is @ right to offsel, and Is recorded In recelvables where there Is no right lo offset.

Leases
The Company as lessee

‘The Company assesses whether a contract Is or contalns a lease, at inception of the contract. The Company recognises a right-ol-use asset and a
corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease arrangements in which It is the lessee, excepl for short-lern\ leases (defined as leases with a lease
erm of 12 months or less) and leases of low value assals (such as tablets and personal computers, small items of office furniture and telephones). For
these leases, the Company recognises the lease payments as an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease unless another
systematic basis is more representative of the time pattem in which economic benefits from the leased assels are consumed.

The [ease labilly (s intlally measured at the present value of the lease payments thal are not paid at the commencement dale, discounted by using the
rate impllct in the lease, If this rate cannat be readily determined, the Company uses its Incremental borrowing rate.

Lease paymenis included in the measurement of the lease Habllity comprise:
+ fixed lease payments (including in-substence fixed payments), less any lease incentives tecelvable;
+ varlable fease payments that depend on an Index or rate, intially measured using the index or rale al the commencement date;
. the amount expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;
+ the exercise price of purchase options, Ifthe lessee fs reasonably certain to exercise the options; and
+ payments of penaliies for lerminating the lease, If the lease lcrm reflects the exercise of an option (o terminate the lease.

The lease Habilly is presented as a separate line In the Balance sheel.

The lease liabilily Is subsequently measured by Increasing the carying amount lo reflect interest on the lease liability (using the effective interest
method) and by reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made.

The Company remeasures the lease llabillly (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-ol-use asset) whenever:

+ the lease term has changed or there Is a significant event or change in circumstances rasulllng in a change in the assessment of exercise of
purchase option, in which case the lease lfabilty fs remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate;

+ the lease payments change due lo changes in an index or rate or a change in the expected payments under a guaranteed residual value, in
which case the lease llablity fs remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using an unchanged discount rate (unless the lease
payments change Is due to a change In a floating interest rate, in which case a revised discount rate Is used);

+ a lease contract Is modified and the lease modification is not accounted for as a separate lease, In which case the lease liabihty Is
remeasured based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised tease payments using a revised discount rate at the
effective date of the modification.

The right-of-use assels comprise the Initial measurement of the corresponding lease tiablllly, ease payments made at or before the commencement
day, less any lease incentives received and any initial direct cosis, They are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and

impairment losses.

Whenever the Company incurs an obligation for costs ta dismantle and remove a leased assel, restore the site on which It Is located or restore the
underlying asset to the condition requlred by the terms and conditions of the lease, a provision \s recognised and measured under IAS 37. To the extent
that the costs relate to a right-of-use assel, the costs are included In the relaled right-of-use asset, unless those costs are Incurred to produce

inventories.

Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter period of lease term and useful life of the underlying assel. If a lease (ransfers ownership of the
underlying asset or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Company expecls lo exercise a purchase option, the related right-of-use assel Is
depreciated over the uselul life of the underlying assel. The depreciatton starts at the commencement dale of the lease. The right-of-use assels are
presented separately on the Balance sheol.

‘The Company applies IAS 36 to determine whether @ right-of-use asset Is impalred and accounts for any Identified Impairment loss as described in the
“Impairment of Intangible assels, property, plant and equipment and rightof-use assels' policy.

29

Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

3, Materlal accounting pollcles (continued)

Leases (continued)

Variable rents that do not depend on an index or rate are not included In the measurement of the lease liabilliy and the right-of-use asset. The related
payments are recognised es an expense in the Income statement in the period In which the event or condition thal triggers those payments occurs.

The Company as lessor
Leases for which the Company Is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the
risks and rewards of ownership (o the lessee, the contract Is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operaling leases.

When the Company [s an intermediate lessor, It accounts for the head lease and the sub-lease as lwo separate contracts. The sub-lease Is classitied
as a finance or operaling lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease.

Rental Income from operating leases Is recognised on a straight-line basis over the lerm of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs Incurred In negotiating
and arranging an operating lease are added (0 the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Foreign currencies

Currency transactions

‘Transactions denominated in currencles other than the Company's (unclional currency are translated Into the Company's funcllonal currency st the
exchange rales prevailing al the date of the lransactions. Monetary assets and llabllilies denominated In currencies other than the Company's
functional currency at the year-end are (ransialed al the exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary assels and liablilles thal are measured at
historical cost and are denominated In currencles other than the Company's functional currency are translated using the exchange rates al the dale of
the transaction, Non-monetary ilems that are measured al fair value and are denominated In currencies other than the Company's functional currency
are lranslated using the exchange rates at the date when the (alr value was determined. Exchange galns and losses are recognised In the income
stalement

Operating profit
Operating profit is stated after charging restructuring costs but before finance income, Income from shares In Group undertakings and associates,

finance costs and tax.

Retirement and death benefit schemes:

Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit schemes, and any insurance premiums relating to the provision of a lump sum death benefit (i.e.
Me assurance), are charged as an expense as they fall due. Payments made lo state-managed retirement benefil schemes are dealt with as payments
to defined contribution schemes where the Company's obligations under the schemes are equivalent to those arising In a defined contribution
ratirement benefit scheme.

A defined benefit scheme {s a retirement benefits scheme that defines an amount of pension beneft that a scheme member will receive on rellrement
usually dependent on one or more factors, such as age, years of service and compensation. The Company's net obligation or asset In raspsct of the
defined benefil scheme {s calculated by estimating (he amount of future benefit that employees earned In return for thelr service In the current and prior
years. That beneill Is discounted lo determine its present value and the fair value of any assels is deducted,

‘The discount rate is the yleld at the period end on AA rated bonds thal have maturing dates approximaling to the terms of the Company's obligations.
‘The calculation is performed by a quallfied actuary using (he projected unit credit method. Scheme assels are al bid price,

Curent and past service costs are recognised in operating profit. Net inlerest incame/expense on defined benefit schemes are recognised In the
Income statement and as a reduction in the present value of defined benefit scheme liabilities,

Settlement gains or losses resulting from the scheme amandments transferring llabllilles of defined benefit schemes are recognised In the Income
stalement and as a reduclion in the present value of defined benefits scheme liabliilies.

Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly retaling to the acquislion, construction or production of a qualifying capital project under construcilon are capitalised and
added to the project cost during construction until such time as the assels are considered substantially ready for the Intended use, Where funds are
borrowed specifically fo finance a project, the amount capitalised represents the actual borrowing costs incurred. Where the funds used to finance a
project form a part of general borrowings, the amount capitalised Is calculated using the weighted average of rates applicable to relevant general
borrowings of ihe Group during the year. All olher Borrowing costs are recognized In profit or loss in the period In which they are Incurred,

‘Taxation
‘The lax expense represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax.

Current tax

‘The tax currently payable is based on taxable proflt for the year. Taxable profit differs from net profit as reported in the Income statement because It
‘excludes items of Income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes Items that are never taxable or deductible,
‘The Company's llabllity for current tax is calculated using tax rales thal have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheat date,

A provision Is recognised for those mailers for which the tax determinallon Is uncertain but its considered probable that there will be a future outttow of
funds lo a tax authorily. The provisions are measured al the best estimate of the amount expected (0 become payable, The assassment is based on
the Judgement of tax professionals within the Company supported by previous experience In respec! of such activities and In certain cases based on
specialist independent tax advice,

Doferred tax

Deferred tax Is the tax expected lo be payable or recoverable on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabililles in the financlal
stalements and the corresponding tex bases used In the computation of taxable profit and Is accounted for using the balance sheet tiabillly method.

30


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

3, Material accounting pollcles (continued)

Taxatlon (continued)

Deferred lax liabilties are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assols are recognised to the extent thal it is
probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assels and jiablilies are not
Fecognised If the temporary difference arlses from the initial recognition of goodwill or from the inllial recognition (other than in a business combination)
of other assets and liabilities In a transaction that affects neliher the taxable profit nor the accounting profit,

‘The carrying amount of deferred lax assels Is reviewed al each balance sheet dale and reduced to the extent that It ls no longer probable that sufficient,
laxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to ba recovered. .

Deferred tax is calculated al the lax rates thal are expected (o apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset is realised based on lax laws
and rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.

The measurement of deferred tax lablilies and assels reflects the (ax consequences that would follow from the manner In which the Company expects,
al the end of the reporting periad, to recover or seltle the carrying amount of Ils assets and llabilties,

Deterred tax assets and liabililes are offset when there Is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax labilites and when
they relate to income taxas levied by the same taxation authorily and the Company intends to settle its current lex assets and liabilities on a net basis.

Current lax and deferred tax for the period
Current and deferred tax are recognised in profil or loss, excep! when they relale to items thal are recognised In other comprehensive Income or
directly in eqully, In which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive Income or directly in equily respectively.

Cash and bank balance:
Cash and bank balances comprise cash in hand, credit card receivables and short-term deposits with maturities of three months or less from the date
of acquisition, Bank overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current tlabilitles on tha Balance sheet, Where BACS payments have yel to clear the

bank as al year end, this is reclassified as cash.

Property, plant and equipment
All property, plant and equipment Is stated al cost (deemed cost on transition to FRS 101) less accumulated depreciation and impeirment losses.

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is provided to write off the cost, fess residual value, In equal instalments over their expected useful

‘economic lives which are:

Bullding Improvements - depreciated to thelr eslimated residual values over thelr useful economic livas of not more than 50 years;
Plant and machinery - 3 to 10 years;

Fixtures, filings, tools and equipment - 3 to 20 years; and

Assets in the course of construction - not depreciated.

‘The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed al the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes In
esiimate accounted for on a prospective basis,

An assat Is removed {rom the Balance sheet on disposal or when It Is withdrawn {rom use and no fulure economic benefits are expected from Its
disposal, Galns and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amounts. These are included In the Income statement.

Following the transition from previously extant United Kingdom generally accepted accounting practice (UK GAAP) to FRS 101 - Reduced Disclosure
Framawork, the Company has taken advantage to restate its property, plant and equipment al deemed cost as permitted under IFRS 4 "First-time
adoption", The remeasurement date for this was 31 December 2014, The deemed cost adjustment as al 31 December 2014 was £124 million.

Intangible assots
Intangible assets with finite useful lives thal are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated Impairment
losses, Amoriisalion Is recognised on a stralght-ine basis over thelr estimated useful lives. The eslimaled useful life and amortisation method are
reviewed at the end of each reporting perlod, with the effect of any changes In estimate belng accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets
with indefinite usetul lives that are acquired separately are carrled at cost less accumulated impairment losses,

An Intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or disposal. Galns or losses arising from
derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between the nel disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the assel, are
recognised In profit or loss when the asset Is derecognised.

Impairment of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets

At each balance sheet date, the Company reviews the carrying amounis of Its property, plant and equipment and intangible assets to determine
whelher there Is any Indicatlon that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such Indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset Is
estimated to determine the extent of the Impairment loss (if any). Where the asset does nol generale cash flows thal are Independent from other
assels, he Company estimatas the recoverable amount of the cash-yeneraling unit to which the assel belongs.

An Intangible asset with an Indefinite usoful life is tested for impairment al least annually and whenever there Is an Indication thal the asset may be
impalred.

Recoverable amount Is the higher of falr value less costs of disposal and value in use. {n assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to thelr present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
specific to the asset for which the estimates of fulure cash flows hava not been adjusted.

at

Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

3. Material accounting policlos (continued)
Impalrment of Intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets (continued)

If the recoverable amount of an assal (or cash-generaling uni) Is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or
cash-generating unit) Is reduced to ils recoverable amount. An Impairment loss Is recognised immediately in profil or loss, unless the refavant asset is
carried al a revalued amount, in which case the Impairment loss Is ireated as a revaluation decrease,

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of Its
recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no
Impalrment loss been recognised for the asset (or cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss Is recognised immediately in

* profil or loss, unless the relevant asset Is carried al a revalued amount, In which case the reversal of the impairment loss Is treated as a revaluation
increase,

Non-current assets (or disposal groups) held for sale

Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale If thelr carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction
rather than through continuing use and a sale Is considered highly probable. They are measured at the lower of thelr carrying amount and fair value
less costs lo sell, except for assels such as deferred lax assets, assets arising {rom employee benefits, nancial assets and Investment property that
are carried al falr value and contractual rights under insurance contracts, which are specifically exempl from this requirement.

‘An impairment loss Is recognised for any Inillal or subsequent wilte-down of the asset (or disposal group) (o fair value less costs to sell. A gain is,
recognised for any subsequent increases In falr value less costs to sell of an asset (oF disposal group), bul not in excess of any cumulative Impairment
loss previously recognised. A gain or loss not previously recognised by the date of the sale of the non-current asset (or disposal group) Is recognised at
the date of derecognition,

Non-current assets (including those thal are part of a disposal group) are not depracialed or amortised while they are classified as held for sale.
Interest and other expenses allributable to the liabliilles of a disposal graup classified as held for sale continue to be recognised.

Non-current assets classified as held for sale and the assets of a disposal group classified as held for sale are presented separately from the other
assets In the Balance sheal, The liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for sale are presented separately from other llabililies In the Balance
sheet.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net reallsable value. Cost comprises direct materials and, where applicable, direct labour costs and
those overheads that have been incurred in bringing the inventories to thelr present locatlon and condition, Cost Is calculated using the average
weighted cost method, The cost of finished goods comprises the purchase cost of goods and those overheads related (0 distribution based on normal
activily levels, Net reallsable value represents the estimated selling price less all estimated costs of completion and costs to be Incurred in marketing,
selling and distribution, Provision is made for any inventory that is identified as slow moving, obsolete or defective.

Financial instruments
Financial assels and financial fiablities are recognised in the Company's Balance sheet when the Company becomes 2 party to the contractual
provisions of the Instrument. Financial assets and financial llabllilies are initially measured al fair value. Transaction costs thal are direclly altributable to
the acquisition or Issue of financial assets and financial tlabillties (other than fnancial assets and financlal liabilities al falr value through profit or loss)
are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financlal liabllittes, as appropriate, on Initial recognition. Transaction costs directly
attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial fiabllites at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately In profit or loss,

Financlal assets
All financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date where the purchase or sale of a financial assel Is under a contract whose terms:
require delivery of the financial asset within the timeframe established by the market concerned, and are Inilially measured at fair value, plus
transaatlon costs, except for those financial assels classified at falr value through profit or loss, which are initially measured at fair value.

Financlal assets are classified into the following specified categorles: ‘amortised cost’, ‘lair value through other comprehensive Income - debt
investment’ (FVTOCI - debt investment), “fair value through other comprehensive income - equity Investment’ (FVTOC! - equity Investment) and 'falr
value through profit and loss! (FVPL). The classification depends on the nature and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at the time of
Initial recognition,

Investments in joint ventures, associates and subsidiaries are carried at cost less Impairment. Investments In Joint ventures, associates and
subsidiaries are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9.

Amortised cost and effective interest method

The effective Interest methad is @ method of calculating the amorlised cost of a debl instrument and of allocaling interest Income over the relevant
period, The effective interest rata Is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts (including all fees and points pald or received that
form an Integral part of the effective Interest rate, transaction costs and olher premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the debt Instrument,
or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the nel carrying amount on Initial recognition.

Income Is recognised on an effective interest basis for debt instruments.

Amortised cost
‘financial asset Is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions:

+ [Us held within a business model whose objective Is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and

+ ls contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows thal are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount

outstanding,

32


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

3, Material accounting pollcles (continued)

Financial instruments (continued)

“These assels are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective Interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses.
Interest Income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or lass, Any galn or loss on deracogniton is recagnised in
profit or loss.

Fair value through OCI - equity investment
Dividends are recognised as income in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery or part of the cost of the invastment, Other net
gains and losses are recognised In OCI and are never reclassified to profit or loss.

On initial recognition of an equity investment that Is not held for trading, the Company may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in the
invesiment’s fair value in OCI. This election is made on an Invesiment-by-Investment basis.

Falr value through profil or loss
All financial assets which are not classified as amortised cost or fair value through OC! as described above are measured at fair value through profil or

loss. Net gains and losses, Including any Inlerest or dividend Income, are recognised In profil or loss.

Impairment of financial assols
The Company recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses (ECLs) on financial assets measured al amortised cost, debt Investments

measured al FVTOC! and contract assets (as defined in IFRS 18).

‘The Company measures loss allowances at an amount equal to Iifelime ECL, except for other debt securitles and bank balances for which credit risk
(ie. the risk of default occurring over the expacted life of the financial Instrument) has not Increased significantly since Initlal recognition which are
measured as 12-month ECL.

Loss allowances for trade recelvables and contract assets are always measured al an amount equal to lifetime ECL.

When determining whether the credit risk of a financlal asset has increased significantly since Initial recognitton and when estimating ECL, the
Company considers reasonable and supportable Information that Is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This Includes both quantitative
and qualitative Information and analysis, based on the Company's historical experience and informed cradit assessment and Including forward-looking
information,

‘The Company assumes thal the credit risk on a financial asset has Increased significantly If It Is more than 90 days past due.

‘The Company considers a financial asset to be In default when:
the borrower Is unlikely lo pay Its credit obligations lo the Company in full, without recourse by the Company to actions such as realising

security (If any Is held); or
+ the financlal asset Is more than 90 days past due,

‘The Company considers a debl securlly to have low credit risk when Its credil risk rating Is equivalent to the globally understood definition of
‘investment grade’, The Company considers this to be Baad or BBB-.

Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs thal result from all possible default events over the expected Ife of a financial instrument,

12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs thal resull {rom default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter
period If the expected life of the Instrument Is tess than 12 months).

‘The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs Is the maximum contractual period over which the Company Is exposed to credit risk.

Measurement of ECLs

ECLs are a probablllty-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all cash shortfalls (|e. the difference
between the cash flows due to tho entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows thal the Company expecls (o receive). ECLs are
discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset.

Credil-Impalred financial assets

Ateach reporting date, the Company assesses whether financial assets carrled al amortised cost and debt securities at FVTOCI are credit-impalred. A
financial asset Is ‘credit-Impaired’ when one or more events that have a detrimental Impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset
have occurred.

Wilte-offs
The gross carrying amount of @ financial asset is written off (either partialy or in full) o the extent that there is no reallstic prospect of recovery.

Deracognilion of financial assets

‘The Company derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the assel expire, or when It transfers the financial
asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another ently, If the Company nelther transfers nor retains substantially all
the risks and rewards of awnership and continues to control the transferred assel, the Company recognises ils retained inlerast in the asset and an
associated liabillly for amounts It may have lo pay. If the Company retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial
asset, the Company continues (o recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collaterallsed borrowing for the proceeds received.

(On derecognition of a financial asset in Its entiraty, the differance between the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration recelved and

recolvable and the cumulative gain of loss that had baen recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated In eqully is recognised in profit
or lass.

33


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

3. Material accounting policies (continued)
Financlal instruments (continued)

On daracognition of a financial assel measured al amortised cosl, the difference between the asset's carrying amounl and the sum of the consideration
recelved and recelvable Is recognised in profit or loss, In addition, on derecognition of an Investment in equily instrument which the Company has.
elected on inltial recognition to measure al FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve {s not
reclassified to profit or loss, bul Is transferred lo the profil and loss reserve.

‘On derecognition of a financial asset other than in Its entirety (e.g. when the Company retalns an option to repurchase part of a transferred assel), the
‘Company allocates the previous carrying amount of the flnanclal asset belween the part It continues to recognise under continuing involvement, and
the part it no fonger recognises on the basis af the relative fair values of those parts on the date of the lransfer. The difference belween the carrying
amount allocaled lo the part that Is no longer recognised and the sum of the consideratlon received for the part no longer recognised and any
cumulative gain or loss allocated to it thal had been recognised In other comprehensive Income Is recognised In profil or loss. A cumulative gain or foss,

thal had been recognised In other comprehensive income |s allocated belween the part that continues to be recognised and the part thal Is no longer
recognised on the basis of the relative (alr values of those parts.

Financial liabillies and equity
Debt and equily instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equily in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangement

and the definitions of a financlal tlabilily and an equity instrument.

Equity instruments
An equily Instrument js any contract that evidences a residual Interest in the assets of an enilly after deducting all of Its liabllies. Equity Instruments
issued by the Company are recognised al the proceeds received, nel of direct issue costs,

Repurchase of the Company's own equily Instruments Is recognised and deducted directly in eqully, No galn or loss is recognised In profit or loss on
the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company's own equity instruments.

‘The effactive inlerest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial fiabllity and of allocating interest expense over the relevant
period. The effective Interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments through (he expected life of the financial llablllty, or,
where appropriate, a shorter period, to the nal carrying amount on Inillal recognition.

Financial liabiltles
Ail financial iabillies, including borrowings, ara measured subsequently al amortised cost using the effective interes! method or at FVPL.

Financial liabilities at FVPL
Financial {lablities are classified at FVPL when the financial liability Is ()) held for trading or (i) It is designated at FVPL. A financlal liablly Is classified
as held for trading it:
+ thas been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing It In the near term; or
. ‘on Initial recognition It is part of a portfolio of Identified financial Insirumenis that the Company manages together and has a recent actual
pattern of shart-lerm profit-taking; or
Its @ derivative, except for a derivative thal Is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging Instrument.

Afinanclal liability other than a financlal llablllty held for trading may be designated al FVPL upon inltlal recognition if:
+ such dasignation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise; or
+ the financial llabilily forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed and ils performance Is,evaluated
on a [alr value basls, in accordance with the Company's documented risk management or Invesiment strategy, and information about the
grouping Is provided internally on that basis; or
+ itforms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the entire combined contract to be designated
at FVPL.

Financlal (abilities al FVPL are measured al fair value, with any galns or losses arising on changes In fair value recognised in profit or loss to the extent
thal they are nol part of a designated hedging relationship (see hedge accounting policy). The nel gain or {oss recognised in profit or loss incorporates
any Interest pald on the financial llabllly and Is inciuded in the ‘other gains’ and/or ‘other losses’ tine In profit or loss.

Financial liabllitles measured subsequently at amortised cost
Financial llablities that are not (i) held-for-trading, or (|l) designated al FVPL are measured subsequently at amortised cost using the effective Interest

method.

‘The effactive Interest method Is a method of calculaling the amortised cost of a financial llabllily and of allocating interest expense over the relevant
period. The effective Interest rate Is the rate that exaclly discounts estimated (uture cash payments through the expected life of the financial liabilly, or,
‘where appropriate, a shorter perlod, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition,

Derecognition of financlel abilities
‘The Company derecognises financlal liabilities when, and only when, the Company's obligations are discharged, cancelled or they expire.

Cloud Hosted Software
For cloud hosted software service arrangements, an Intangible asset Is recognised for the cost of software development work performed on the

Company's side of the firewall (e.g. interfaces), For software development work thal is hosted on the cloud platform the Company first assesses
whether It has the legal rights and physicel abily to take a copy of the software and run the software on the Company's servers or third party servers
without Incurring significant penally. Where the company has these rights, it Is deemed to have control of the software end recognises the software
development work as an Intangible asset. Where the Company doasn’t have these rights, the Company assesses If thls spend Is separable from tho
overall soliware service arrangement, I the work could be delivered by the Company or another third party then the cost Is racognised in the Income

34


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

3, Material accounting policies (continued)
Cloud Hosted Software (continued)

‘Statement when it Is incurred. Work thal could only be performed by the software service provider thal relates to the set up and customisation of the
software is deemed to be indistinct from the overall soflware service and {s prepaid and amortised from the dale the software solution Is brought into
use, over the remaining software service contract term.

Factoring arrangements
‘The Company has a factoring arrangement where certaln trade receivables related lo pharmacy revenue aro sold to the factor, At this polnl, the factor
services the recelvables by administering the accounts receivables ledger for a fee that Is based upon the lolal amount of receivables factored al each
month end. The charge Is al markel price. The Company Is not subject (o any recourse and has nol retained any residual Interest in the receivables.
‘Substantially all of the risks and rewards are deemed to have been transferred to the factor at the time of the sale, and so at this point the trade
recelvables balance Is derecognised.

Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the
Company will be required to seltle that obligation and a rellable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

‘The amount recognised as a provision Is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligalion at the balance sheel dale,
considering the risks and uncertaintles surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated lo setlle the present
obligation, its carrying amount Is the present value of those cash flows (when the effect of the time value of money is material).

‘When some or alll of the economic benefits requlred to settle a provision are expecied to be recovered from a third party, a receivable Is recognised as
an asset If Its virtually certain thal relmbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

4, Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estlmation uncertainty

In the application of the Company's accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the Directors are required to make Judgements, eslimates and
assumptions about the carrying amounts of assels and liabllitles that are not readily apparent {rom other sources. The estimates and associated
assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant, Actual resulls may differ (rom these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis, Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised In the period in which
the estimate is revised if the revision affects only thal period, or in the period of the ravislon and (uture periods If the revision affects both current and

fulure periods.
Critical judgements in applying the Company's accounting policies

The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (which are dealt with separately below), thal the Directors have made
In the process of applying the Company's accounting pollcies and that have (he most significant effect on the amounts recognised In financial
statements.

Leases +
‘The lease term of real estale leases Includes renewal options thal are reasonably certain of belng exercised. The Company makes a judgement that
options {o exlend are considered reasonably certain of being exercised based on evaluallon if there are significant Investments within the leased
property which have useful lives greater than the non-canceliablo lease term, performance of the underlying store and the Company's economic and
stralegic Iniiatives, The Company deems the maximum extension that should be appiled to the contractual lease term to be 7 years (2023: 7 years).

Key sources of estimation uncertainty

‘The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty al the balance sheet date, which have a risk of causing a
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabililles within the nex! financial year, are discussed below. The Company has reviewad
key assumptons and estimates affecting the Company and not noled any new areas In the current year.

Pension and other post-employment benetits

The assets of defined benefit pension plans are valued at bid price. The cost of defined benefit pension plans are determined using actuarial
valuations, The actuarial valuation Involves making assumptions aboul discount rales, asset returns, morialily rales and future pension Increases, Due
to the complexity of the valuation, the underlying assumptions and the long term natura of these plans, such estimates are subject (o significant
uncertainty. In determining the appropriate discount rate, management considers the Interest rales of the Aon GBP Selecl AA Curve using scheme cash
flows for the Boots Pension Scheme. The mortallly rate Is based on publicly avallable UK mortality tables and pension Increases are based on the UK's
‘expected fulure Inflation rates. As the Scheme Is closed lo future accrual, fulure salary Increase assumptions are not relevant, Further detalls are given

In note 25.

Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use essels and pharmacy licences
Determining whether the Company's property, plant and equipment and pharmacy licencas have been Impalred requires estimations of thelr present
value, The impairment or Ils reversal are driven by the continued volailliy of macro economic environment in which the business operates. The present
value calculations require the Company to estimate the fulure cash flows expected to arise from cash-generaling units (s(ores) and suilable discount
rales In order to calculale present values. The impairment assessment was performed al 31 May 2024 and reconsidered al year end with no material
difference between the assessments.

Key assumptions used in the prasent value calculation include:
+ stores will be operating over the accounling lease term;

+ the discount rate used In the present value calculation Is 10.7% (2023: 11.5%);

36


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

4, Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

+ pharmacy licences associated with each store are assumed to be recoverable al an appropriate rate based on recent transactions and the
market availablily of such license, therefore the store impairment Includes a salvage value for the pharmacy licence being equivalent to the
present value of the licence based on the book value at the balance shee! date;

+ where relevant the right of use asset equales to the fair value (derived using an appropriate Internal rate of return) where this Is higher than
the value in use;.

. future cash flows used for the Individual stores have been forecasted In line with the strategic plan which covers the nex! three financial years
as discussed in the Directors’ report. Growth rales thereafler are In line wilh long term growth rate at 2%; and

+ where stores have an accounting lease term that is due to expire within 4 years of the balance sheet dale, it Is assumed that store leases will
‘exiend to the lower of the previous lease contract lenglh or 7 years.

Review of the carrying value of these assets resulted In a net Impairment loss of £187 mliilon (2023: £42 million) which comprises a net Impairment of
pharmacy licences of £129 million (2023: £31 millon), nel Impairment of building Improvements of £2 million (2023: £1 million), net Impairment of
furniture, fitings and equipment of £38 milion (2023: nel reversal of £14 milion) and a net impairment of right-of-use assets of £18 million (2023: £24
milion), These impairments are further detailed in nole 13, Intangible assots; note 14, Property, plant and equipment; and note 32, Leases.

A total impairment loss of £213 millon was recognised In the year (2023: £59 million) which comprises the impairment of pharmacy licences of £132
million (2023: £33 milion), building Improvements of £2 million (2023: £2 million), furniture, fitings and equipment of £43 million (2023: Enil) and right-
of-use assets of £36 million (2023: £24 million). This was offset by the reversal of impairment from prior periods of £26 millon (2023 £17 million) which
comprises the impairment reversals of pharmacy licenses of £3 milion (2023: £2 million), building improvements of Enil (2023: £1 milllon), furniture,
filtngs and equipment of £5 million (2023: £14 million} and right-of-use assets of £18 millon (2023: Eni)

‘Sensitivilles were performed over the assumptions with the impact as shown below:

‘Assumption Impact to total impairment charge
No extensions after the accounting lease end date on life of store assets £12 million increase
Increase discount rate by 2.0% to 12.7% £25 millon Increase
Decrease discount rate by 2.0% to 8.7% £24 million decrease
Pharmacy licences deemed to have 10% reduclion to salvage value £25 million increase
Growth rates for gross margin in the strategic plan period - all years +2% £26 millon decrease
Growth rates after the strategic plan period Is 0% £44 milion increase

‘The above sensitivily analysis is based on a change in an assumption while holding alt other assumptions constant, The sensitivities shown ara Just
‘one possible outcome and should not be taken as an Indication of the likellhood of a change occurring In the fulure.

5, Revenue

An analysis of the Company's revenue Is as follows:

2024 2023
Emittion Emilion

Continuing operations
Sates of goods 7118 6,905
Sale of services 198 148,
Total revenue 7,313 7,053

All revenue is generated in the United Kingdom, Jersey, Guernsey and Isle of Man.

36


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

6. Profit for the year

Profit or the year has been artived al after charging/(credlting):

2024 2023
million Emilion
Nel foreign exchange losses 3 1
Loss on disposal of Intangible assels 16 1
Nel impairment of pharmacy licences (nole 13) 132 90
Amoriisation of Intangibles (note 13) 79 54
Depraciation of property, plant and equipment (nate 14) 124 117
Net Impairment charge/(impairment reversal) of fixtures, filings, tools and equipment (note 14) 38 Oy
Net impairment of building improvements (note 14) 2 1
Net impairment of software (note 43) 5 -
Impairment of subsidiaries (note 15) 6 =
Galn on disposal of assets held for sale (43) =
Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment a) 6)
Cost of inventories recognised as an expense 4613 4,484
Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 32) 220 238
Pension past service credil (note 25) 249 -
Net impairment of right-of-use assets (nate 32) . 20 32
Reorganisation costs" 8 38

Reorganisation costs represent one-off costs associated with changes to the Company's IT portfolio (2023: one-off costs associated with changes in

the Company's store portfolio).

7. Auditor's remuneration

The Company paid the following amounts to Its auditor In respect of the audit of the financial statements of the Company and fellow Group

undertakings.
. 2024 2023

£miltion £million

Audit of the financial statements" 2.0 20
Total audit fees 2.0 2.0

‘Includes £0.7 millon (2023: £0.7 milllon) of fees related to the Group audil of Walgreens Boots Alllanca, Inc..

No non-audil fees have been Incurred by the Company or on behalf of a fellow Group underlaking in the current or prior year.

8. Staff costs

All staif and Directors were employed and paid on behalf of the Company by a fellow Group undertaking. The employee Information and share-based
payments are disclosed In the financlal statements of that fellow Group undertaking. The tolal employee costs pald and recharged on behalf of the

Company are £1,116 milion (2023: £1,057 milion),

Directors’ remuneration

2024 2023
Emillion Emilion
‘Aggregate remuneration 28 34
‘Amounts receivable under long-term incentive schemes 44 14
Company contributions to defined contribution schemes a2 02
44 47

37


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 August 2024

8. Staff costs (continued)

Amounts recelvable under an equity-seltied long-term Incentive scheme which have not been paid to the Directors as al 31 August 2024 were £51

million (2023: £2.7 milion). These amounts are payable over fulure years as demonstrated in the below table. All are conditional upon continued
employment.

2024 2023
Emniltion million
Payable in 2024 04 08
Payable in 2025 15 4
Payable in 2026 2A 0.4
Payable in 2027 - o4
Payable In 2028 05 0s
Payable in 2029 0.3 04
Payable in 2030 . 0.8 03
Payable In 2031 0s 04
Ea 27
2024 2023
Number Number,
‘The number of Directors who:
Had rewards receivable in the form of shares under the long-term Incentive scheme 4 3
2024 2023
Emillion million
Remuneration of the highest pald Director:
Aggregate remuneration 42 17
‘Amounts recelvable under fong-term incentive schemes. . 09 09
Company contributions to defined contribution schemes ot 4
22 27
4. Finance income & Income from shares In Group undertakings and associates
2024 2023
Emilion millon
Interest receivable from Group undertakings 8 18
Net interest income on defined benefit scheme asset (see note 25) - 25
Total finance Income 25 43
tncome from shares In Group undertakings and associates o7 z
92 50

Included within the Income from shares In Group undertakings and associates Is a £68 millon dividend (2023: Enil) which the Company recelved from
Its other equity Investment, WBAD Holdings 2 Limited, as part of a corporate restructure, For further details see note 17.

10, Finance costs

2024 2023

Emilion Emilion

‘Nal interest cost on defined benefit scheme asset (see note 25) 9 =
Financing fees 1 1
Finance charges payable in respect of leases (see note 32) 87 7
7 76

38


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

14. Taxation

An analysis of the tax charge for the year Is presenled as follows:

2024 2023
Emillion Emilion
Corporation tax:
UK corporation tax 4 a2
Adjustments in raspect of prior periods _(25) (ty
(21) 44
Deferrad tax (note 24):
Deferred tax chargel(credit) 56 (30)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods 23 2
79 (28)
‘Total (ax charge for the year 58 13
Corporation tax is calculated at 25% (2023: 21.5%) of the estimated taxable profit or loss for the year.
The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to the profit in the Income statement as follows:
2024 + 2023
£million Emilion
Profit before taxation 269 60
Tax al the UK corporation rate of 25% (2023: 21.5%) 67 Fr
Effects of:
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 8 3
Non-taxable dividends recelved (16) @)
Other differences - 3)
Adjustments In respect of prior periods 2) 2
‘Tax charge for the year 58 13

In addition to the amount charged to the Income statement, the following amounts relating (o tax have been recognised in other comprehensive
Income:

2024 2023
Emillion Emilion

Deferrad tax:
‘Tax credit on remeasurement gains on defined benefit pension plans (267) (101)
Tolal lax credit recognised in other comprehensive income (267) (401)

Factors that may affect future current and lotel tax cherges
‘No changes to the UK tax rate of 25% have been announced at the balance sheet date,

Pilar Two income taxes

Pillar Two legisiation was enacted In the United Kingdom, the jurisdiction In which the Gompeny is Incorporated, and wili be In effect for the Company
for ils period to 31 Augusl 2025 onwards, The Impact of the Pillar Two income taxes legislation Is not expected to be malerial to the Company, allhough
the impact on ts fulure financial performance will continue to be assessed.

‘The Company has appiled tha temporary exception Issued by the IASB in May 2023 from the accounting requirements for deferred taxes in (AS 12,
Accordingly, the Company nelther recognises nor discloses information about deferred tax assets and llabilltes related to Pillar Two Income taxos,

12, Dividends

‘The Company's pald and proposed dividends are presented as follows:

2024 2023
Emittion Emilion
Amounts recognised as distributions to equity holders in the year:
Final dividend pald for the year (equivalent to 0.08 pence per share, 2023: 0.02 pence per share) 58 15

‘The Company paid a dividend of £58 millon (2023: Enll) as part of a corporate restructuring programme. For further detalls see note 17.

39


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024 .

43. Intangible assets

Software
assets In the
Pharmacy Other course of

licences Goodwit intangibles Software construction Total

£million million Emillion Emittion £million émiltion
Cost
ALA September 2023 708 36 4 655 61 1,474
Additions 2 - — 5 56 63
Reclassified from assets in the course _ _ _ 68 (60) _
Disposals 2) - = (606) - (608)
Transferred to assets held for sale (20) - = = = (20)
At34 August 2024 688 36 14 242 59) 4,009
Amortisation
AU September 2023 162 - 4 443 - 619
Charge for the year - - - 79 - 79
Impairment 132 - - 5 - 437
Disposals = = = (492) = (492)
At31 August 2024 234 = 14 36 = 343,
Carrying amount
At341 August 2023 546 36 = 212 61 855
‘AU34 August 2024 394 36 = 177 59 668

Amortisation of intangible assets Is provided to write off the cost, less residual value, In equal instalments over thelr expected useful economic lives
which ara:
+ pharmacy licences do nol expire and therefore have an indefinite ife;
goodwill has been Identified as having an indefinite life based on the life and history of the Boots brand along with current market strength
and future development plans;
+ other intangibles relate to capitalised development cosis' and are amortised over 5 years;
+ software Is amortised over 3 to 8 years; and
+ software assets in the course of constructton are not amortised, and are tested for impairment annually.

* Capltalised development costs relate lo costs incurred In the development of brands used by the Company.
An amortisation of intangible assets charge of £79 millon (2023: £54 million) was recognised in administrative costs in the income statement.

Pharmacy Ilcences have been allocated to individual stores of the Company. This represents the lowest level within the Company at which pharmacy
licences are monitored for internal management purposes. Goodwill has been allocated to the grouping of all stores for the Company, This raprasants
the lowest level within (he Company at whlch goodwill 1s monitored for internal management purposes. Pharmacy licences and goodwill are not
amortised but are raviewed for impalrment on an annual basis, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely

than not reduce the recoverable amount below Its carrying value.

The recoverable amount has been calculated using a value in use calculation which Includes a salvage value for pharmacy licences, The value in use
calculation requires management to estimate a number of factors, Including projected future operating results, economic projections, anticipated fulure
cash flows and discount rates. Management estimate the discount rate using the pre-tax rate that reflects the currenl market assessment of the time

value of money and the risks specific to the cash-generaling unil,

Anticipated fulure cash flows ara based on the Company's three year intemal forecasts, the results of which are reviewed by the Board, Estimates of
selling prices and direct costs are based on past experience and expectations of fulure changes in the markel. The pre-tax discount rale of 10.7%
(2023: 11.5%) used to calculate the value In use Is derived from the Company's post-tax welghled average cost of capilal, as adjusted for the spaciiic
risks relating lo the cash-generating unit. The forecast is extrapolated beyond three years based on an estimated long-lerm average growth rate of

2.0% (2023: 2.0%).

‘The annual impairment tes(s support the carrying value of goodwill and therefore there was no Impalrment charge In the period (2023: £nll). The
impairment lest for pharmacy licences through review of the stores’ cash flows gave rise lo a net Impairment of £129 million (2023: £31 million), this
consists of an impairment charge of £432 million (2023: £33 million) and a reversal of impairment relating to the prior year of £3 million (2023: £2
miliion).ln respect of slores separately Identified for closure, there was a further Impairment charge of £3 millon (2023: £59 million), during the year. A
raview of software Identified £5 million (2023: Enll) of isolated assets which were Impalred.

40


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

14, Property, plant and equipment

Fixtures,
fittings, Assets In the
Building Plant and tools an cource of
Improvements machinery equfpment_constructton Total
Emillion, Emiltion Emilion Emilifon £mitlion

Cost
At1 September 2023 198 134 1,086 19 1,434
Additlons = - 2 192 114
Reclassified from assels in the course of construction 1 7 04 (102) -
Disposals (12) @) (158) - (179)
At 31 August 2024 197 129 1,014 29 1,369
Accumulated depraciation
AL September 2023, 19 75 695, - 889
Charge for the year 15 11 95 - 124
impairment 2 - 38 - 40
Disposals, (14) ®) (157) = (178)
At31 August 2024 425 78 674 - 874
Carrying amount
AL3t August 2023 79 56 391 49 545
At31 August 2024 72 51 343 29 495

In the year, the Company recognised a net impairment of £40 milion (2023: Enll). This includes @ £2 millon Impairment charge relating to building
improvements (2023: £1 million) along with a £38 millon Impalrment charge (2023: £4 millon reversal) relating to furniture, filings and equipment.

The lolal Impairment charge comprises a charge of £43 millon (2023: £13 million) relating lo furniture, fixtures end equipment impalred under the store
closure programme which Is offset by the reversal of prior period Impairment charges of £5 million (2023: £14 milion reversal) relating to the review of
the present value of these assets, and an impairment charge to bullding Improvements of £2 milion (2023: £2 million), offset by the reversal of prior
period charges of Enil (2023: £1 million), both relating ta the reviow of the present value of these assets.

The recoverable amount of individual stores has been calculated using a value in use calculallon. The vals in use calculation requires management to
estimate a number of factors, Including projected future operating results, economic projections, anticipated fulure cash flows and discount rales.
‘Management estimate the discount rate using the pre-tax rate thal reflects the current markel assessment of the time value of money and the risks
specific to the cash-generating unt.

Anticipated future cash flows are based on the Company's three year internal forecasts, the results of which are reviewed by the Board. Estimates of
selling prices and direct costs are based on past experience and expectations of fulure changes in the market. The pre-tax discount rate of 10.7%
(2023: 11.5%) used to caloulate the value in use Is derived from the Company's post-tax weighted average cos! of capllal, as adjusted for the specific
risks relating (0 the cash-generating unit, The forecast is extrapolated bayond three years based on an eslimated tong-term average growth rate of
2.0% (2028: 2.0%).

45. Investments in subsidiaries

Emilion
Cost
At1 September 2023 and 31 August 2024 14
Provision for Impalement
At 1 Seplember 2023 -
Impairment (note 6) 6)
Atat31 August 2024 (6)
Carrying amount
As at 34 August 2023 14
As at 31 August 2024 8

In August 2024 Blyth Pharmacy Limited and Wiggly-Amps Limited, transferred their assets into the Company at book value, The business transfer was
a common contro} transfer and therefore exempl from IFRS 3. As a result of the hive up of the assels of the subsidiaries the Investments thal the
‘Company held were impaired and resulted In a £6 million Impairment charge (2023: £nil). Following the hive ups, the Company filed for dissolution of
Wiggly Amps Limited on 30 August 2024 and for Blylh Pharmacy Limited on 9 September 2024.

44


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

for the year ended 31 August 2024

415. Investments In subsidiaries (continued)

‘The Company's subsidiary undertakings at the balance shee! date, all af which were direcily held, are presented as follows:

Percentage held by
Percentage held the Gompany or

by the Company subsidiary Country of
Principal activities Share class. directly undertakings incorporation _Reglstered office
Health Team Limited Provides software for Ordinary 100.0 100.0 England& — 4 Thane Road
the Boots travel shares Wales West, Nollingham,
vaccination decision NG2 3AA,
support tool
Blyth Pharmacy Dormant - previously Ordinary 100.0 100.0 England & 1 Thane Road
Limited dispensary services shares Wales West, Nottingham,
NG2 3AA, UK
‘Wiggly-Amps Limited Formally provision of an Ordinary 100.0 100.0 England & 1 Thane Road
IT platform to link the shares jales West, Nottingham,
IHS and General NG2 3A, UK

Praciilioner systems for
electronic prescriptions -
now in dissolution

Boots Digital Health Provision of online Ordinary 100.0 100.0 England & 1 Thane Road

Limited (formally: doclor related services shares ales West, NoltIngham,
Lemonald Health, NG2 3AA, UI
Limited)

The principle place of business for Boots Digital Health Limited Is Business Design Centre, 52 Upper Sireel Islington, London, N1 OQH, UK. The
principle place of business for all other subsidiaries Is the same as the registered office,

16. Interests In associates and Joint ventures

Emiltion
Cost and carrying amount
As at 1 September 2023 and at 34 August 2024 14
‘The Company's associate and joint venture undertakings a the balance sheet date are presented as follows:
Percentage hald by
Percentage held the Company or
by the Company subsidiary Country of
Prinetpal activity Share class. directly undertakings incorporation Registered office
Boots Hearingcare: Hearingcare services Ordinary 49.0 49.0 England & 18 Trinity Square,
Limited shares jales Llandudno, Conwy,
LL30 2RH, UIC
WH.C.P (Dundee) Dispensary services Ordinary 274 27.4 Scotland Wallacetown Health
Umlied shares. Centre, Lyon Street,
Dundee, 004 6RB,
UK

42


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

47. Other equity Investments

2024 2023
Emitition Emilion
Investments In equity Instruments designated at FVTOCI:
Shares
As at 1 September 2023 107 410
Fair value loss on investments in equily instruments designated at FVTOC! (44) (3)
66 107

As at 31 August 2024

The shares included within investments in equily instruments designated at FVTOC! represent investments in unlisted equities. For such Investments,
the fair value has been derived using the discounted cash flow method lo determine the present value of the expected future economic benellts to be
derived from the ownership of these shares, See nole 31 for further delails.

During the year WBAD Holdings 2 Limited paid a dividend to the Company of £58 milion (2023: Enil) as parl of a corporate restructuring programme.
‘The Company subsequently pald a £58 millon dividend (2023: Enil) toils Immediate parent company Alliance Boots Holdings Limited,

The Company's shares in investments in equity Instruments at the balance sheet dale are presented as follows:

Percentage held by
Percentage held the Gompany or

by the Company ‘subsidiary Country of
Principal activity __ Share class directly undertakings incorporation _Reglstered office
‘Octapharm Limited Dispensary services Ordinary 15.0 15.0 England & — L Rowland & Co
‘shares les —_Limiled, Whitehouse
Industrial Estate,
Rivington Road,
Preston Brook,
Runcom, Cheshire,
WA7 3DJ, UK
WBAD Holdings 2 Holding company Ordinary 24 24 England & — Sediey Place, 361
Limited shares lales Oxford Street,
. London, United
Kingdom, WiC 2st,
UK
48, Inventories
2024 2023
Emillion Emilion
Finished goods 699 705
49. Trade and other receivables
(2024 2023
Emillion Emilion
‘Amounts falling due within one year:
Amount receivable far the sale of goods’ 107 84
Amounts owed by fellow subsidiaries” 746 860
Amounts owed by related parties 12 13
Other receivables 54 53
Prepayments 35 29
Accrued Income? 26 20
Included In current assets 980 4,058
Amounts falling due after more than one ye
Prepayments: 1 1
Included in non-current assets 4 1
394 1,060

Total trade and other receivables

* The Company factors its recelvables on a quarterly basis under a non-recourse arrangement which is subject to a variable fee, based on "SONIA
+0.6%" (2023: SONIA +0.75%) adjusted (or a credit adjustment spread (‘CAS’), of the receivables factored. The fee Incurred under this arrangement Is
Included within finance costs. Al the balance sheet date, the amount factored was £141 million (2023: £166 million).

4“


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

19, Trade and other recelvables (continued)

? Amounts owed by Group undertakings includes £710 million (2023: £819 million) of pooled cash held in @ cash pooling arrangement with a fellow
Group undertaking. This balance is unsecured, repayable on demand, and attracts interest which is calculated at the Sterling Overnight Index Average,
which Is computed as @ welghted average of all overnight unsecured lending transactions undertaken in the London interbank market as published by
the British Bankers’ Association, Remaining amounts owed by Group undertakings are unsecured, nan-Interast bearing and repayable on demand.

® Acorued Income relates to pharmacy service Income receivable from hospltals.

20. Assets held for sate

The assets held for sale within the Company relate to stores which management have commillted lo sell. The sale of these pharmacy licanses Is dus to

complete within the next financial year.

As al 31 August, the assets held far sale comprise:

2024 2023
Emilion Emilion
Assets
Pharmacy licences 4 a
‘Total assets held for sale 4 8
21, Trade and other payables
2024 2023
£mitllon Emilion
‘Amounts falling due within one year:
Trade payables a5 396
Amounts owed to fellow subsidiaries! 189 284
Amounts owed to other related parties 219 27
Other creditors 266 242
Accruals 343 332
Deferred income” 3t 30
Contract fablities (note 22) 156 156
VAT payable 40 9
Included in current llablities 4,629, 1,666
Amounts falling due for more than one year:
Other creditors 4 5
Included in non-current liabilities 4 5
Total trade and other payables 4,633 4.674

* Amounts owed to fellow subsidiaries are unsecured, non-Interest bearing and repayable on demand.

2 The deferred Income of £31 million (2023: £30 million) consists of £24 million (2023: £29 milion) of confirmed income from suppliers In refation to
promotional aclivily in stores for fulure periods, £7 million (2023: Enil) for other pharmacy relatad services and Eni (2023: £1 million) of COVID-19
related advance funding from the health aulhorilies which Is repayable by way of offselling against future payments {o the NHS.

All amounts falling due after one year are repayable within 6 years of the balance sheat date,

44

Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

22. Contract liabilities

Contract liabilities represent consideration recelved for performance obligations nol yet salisfied. The breakdown of which Is as follows:

Customer
loyalty
Gift card programme Total
Emittion Emilion Emilion
‘Att September 2023 14 145, 156
Issues 19 135 154
Redemptions (20) (120) (140)
Other movements 1 (15) (14)
At 31 August 2024 11 145 156

A contract liabillly arises In respect of the Company's Bools Advantage Card Scheme as (hese polnts provide a benefit to customers that they would not
receive wilhout entering Into @ purchase contract and the promise to provide loyally points to the customer is therefore a separale performance
obligation, A contrac! liabilly is recognised for revenue relating lo the loyally points at the time of the initial sales transaction,

Another contract Hlablily tht is recognised Is for revenue refating to the value of gt cards purchased by the customer.

Subslentially all of the revenue deferrad al the current financial yeat-end will be racognisad in the following financial year.

23. Provisions

Dilapidations Reorganisation Total
Emtltion Etnillion Emiiion
At1 September 2023 30 16 46
Provisions created during the year 28 6 34
Provisions utilised during the year (10) (22) (32)
At31 August 2024 48 _ 4B
2024 2023
£million Emilton
Current 6 20
Non-current 42 26
48 46

The reorganisation provision was utilised in (ull In the year In relation to the reorganisation of the Company's store portfollo, operating models, team
siuctures and the seorganisallon of certain central support office functions.

“The dilapidations provision relates to the strip-out and dilapidation costs associated with the Company's operating teases. The provision Is expected to
be ullised over the life of the respective leases,

‘The Company Is Involved in legal proceedings arising in the normal course of Its business, Including Iiigation, tax matters, and other claims. The
Company provides for legal claims when, and to the exlent thal, the amount or range of probable settlement can be reliably esllmated. Where
settlement is not probable, or the value of such settlement cannot be reliably estimated, the Company does nol recognise a provision bul discloses a
contingent llablily.

‘The Company has certain contingent tlabiiities In relation (0 ongoing legal proceedings. The likely outcomes for these lagal proceedings are subject to
various and substantlal uncertainties. There are multiple factual and legal arguments thal, If successful, will eliminate or sharply reduce the possiblity of
loss, and the Company Intends to defend these arguments vigorously, Therefore, whilst the Company 1s not able lo make a reliable estimate of the
amount or range of seltiement that is possible, management equally cannot be certain thal If realised this would not resull in a material liabillly.

45


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

24, Deferred tax

The following are the deferred tax llabililles and (assets) recognised by the Company and movements thereon during the current and prior year.

(Decolorated) | Other
accelerated tax Intangible temporary

depreciation assets Pension _ differences Total

£miltion Emitlion Emiltion Emilion Emilion

Al 1 Seplember 2022 (42) 96 147 @) 198
(Crediyfcharge to Income statement @) 21) 5 @) (28)
Credil to other comprehensive income = = (tot) = (101)
‘AU31 August 2023 (61) 75 st 6) 69
Charge/(credit) to Income statement 44 (48) 139 (58) 79
Credil to other comprehensive Income = = (267) = (267)
‘AC31 August 2024 @ 29 (77) (64) (119)

Deferred tax assets have been recognised in respect of temporary differences relating lo deferred capital allowances and other temporary differences.
‘The Company's latest forecasts indicate that It Is probable that taxable profits will be avallable against which the deductible temporary differences can
be ullilsad,

25, Retirement and death benefit schemes

‘The Company Is a participating employer in defined benefit pension schemes operated by The Boots Company PLC in the United Kingdom, namely the
Bools Pension Scheme, the Boots Supplementary Pension Plan, the Boots Additlonal Pension Arrangement and tha Boats Offshore Pension Plan
(Guernsey) (all together referred to as the “Schemo"), The Scheme is set up as a separately administered UK pension irust with a Corporate Trustee.
‘The Scheme was closed to new members and the accrual of future benefils since 1 July 2010,

‘The Trustee of the Scheme has a statutory duty to sel the actuarial funding basis and investment stralagy which It Is requirad to do In consultation with
the Principal Employer, The Bools Company PLC. As a participating employer, the Company has authorised the lalter fo act on its behalf in such
discussions and {o support thal process. The Principal Employer uses Independent actuaries to advise on appropriate acluarlal assumptions and
sensitivities and related investment matters. In addition, following a formal agreement In 2016 on the transition to FRS101, the accounting for the
‘Scheme Is Included within the Company's Balance sheet and (allows the requirements of IAS 19 Employee Benefits.

‘The appointment of Directors to the Corporate Trustee is determined by the Scheme's governing documentation. There are six Trustee Directors, three
‘of whom ara Company nominated with three being member nominated.

‘The Scheme Is funded by the payment of employer contributions to the trust which Invests the pension assets to meet long-term pension llabiities. The
Trustee of the Scheme Is required (o act In the best Interest of \he Scheme's beneficiaries (which Includes past and some current employees and thelr
eligible dependents).

‘On 24 November 2023, the Trusteas of the Boots Pension Scheme concluded a buy-in with Legal & General securing the benefits and liabliles of the
scheme covering the pensions of all retirees and deferred members of the scheme. In the year, consideration of £300 milion was pald by the Company
‘on 7 December 2023 along with the acceleration of already commilted payments to the scheme of £47 million,

As at 31 August 2024, a deficit of £307 mllilon (2023: a surplus of £210 milion) has been recognised In respect of the Scheme. In the event of a funding
deficit, the Company will monitor the future funding and Increase the funding requirement if needed. On the basis of legal advice, the Directors
recognised the surplus In the prior year,

The assets and liabilities of the scheme at 31 August are:

2024 2023
Emillion Ernilion
‘Scheme assets at fair value:
Equities = 208
Bonds 2 2,022
Properiies 62 366
Derivatives - (23)
Cash and cash equivalents (359) 185
Insurance contracts 3,960 30
Other 4a 775
Falr value of scheme assets 3,683 4,363
Present value of scheme liabilities (3,990) (4,153)
Defined benefit pension plan (deficit}/surplus (307) 210

The pension scheme has not invested In any of the Company's own financial instruments.

As a resull of the buy-in of the pension scheme, the portfollo of assets in the Scheme has been revised, with the fair value of insurance contracts equal
to the defined benefit obligation,

46


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

25. Retirement and death benefit schemes (continued)

‘The Scheme's assels include assets of £5 millon (2023: £1,846 million) with quoted prices in acllve markets, and £3,678 million (2023: £2,515 milion)

of assets for which quoled prices in active markels are nol available.

The bond assets category in the lable above Includes assels of £2 millon (2023: £2,822 milion),

Cash and cash equivalents of £359 million liabilities (2023: £185 million assets) include reverse repurchase agreement assets of £nil (2023: £255
millon), deferred premium liablitles of £660 million (2023: Enil) and associated repurchase agreement liabilies of £nll (2023: £380 millon),
Repurchase agreements are entered Into with counterparties to beller offset the scheme’s exposure {0 interest and inflation rates, whilst remaining

Invested In assels of a similar risk profile.

Other assets include direct private Investment Enil (2023: £561 million), Insurance linked securities £18 million (2023: £214 nilllion).

Income statement
‘The amounts recognised in the Income statement for the year are analysed as follows:
2024 2023
£million million
Recognised In the Income statement
Current service cost a” 3)
Pas service income 249 =
Recognised in arriving at operating profit 242 @)
Net interest (expense)! income on defined benefit liability (see notes 9 and 10) O) 25
Total Income recognised In the Income statement, 203 22
Statement of comprehensive Income
‘The amounts recognised In the Statement of comprehensive Income for the year are analysed as follows:
2024 2023
Emilion Emilion
Taken to the statement of comprehensive Income
Relurn on plan assets (excluding amounis included In net Interest expense/income) (984) (1,218)
Actuarial galni(loss) arising from changes in experience adjustments . 45 (79)
Acluarlal (loss)/galn arising from changes In demographic assumptions (6) 66
Actuarial (loss)/gain arising from changes in financlal assumptions (122) 806
Contributions paid by fellow Group undertakings 4 23
Loss taken to statement of comprehensive Income (1,056) (402)
Plan obligations
Changes in the present value of the defined benefit pension obligations are analysed as follows:
2024 2023
Emillion, Emlllon
Defined benefit obligation at 1 September 2023 4,153 4,957
Interest on benefit obligation 205 205
Current service cost 7 3
Actuarial losses/(gains) 83 (793)
Disbursements (239) (219)
Past service Income (219) =
Defined bonofit obligation at 31 August 2024 3,990 4,163
The defined beneft obligation Is wholly funded.
Plan assets
Changes in the fair value of plan assets are analysed as follows:
2024 2023
£million Emition
Falr value of plan assets at 1 September 2029 4,363 5,547
Interest income on pian assets 196 230
Contributions by employer 347 23
Actuarial losses (984) (1,218)
Disbursements (239) (219)
Fair value of plan assets at 31 August 2024 3,683 4363

a7


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

25, Retirement and death benefit schemes (continued)

As the Scheme Is closed to (uture accrual, there are no employee contributions. Any contributions by the employer reflect the Recovery Plan and
Contribution Schedule agreed with the Trustee following each triennial actuarial valuation which is carried oul by the Scheme Actuary at Aon, who is
appointed by the Trustee. Actuaries al Aon provide independen| advice and verificallon of the final figures required for accounting purposes, Including
{he appropriate discount rates, Scheme assels are slaled al tholt market values al the respective balance sheel dales.

Assumptions
‘The IAS 19 (accounting) valuation of the defined benefit obligation was undertaken by Aon on 31 August 2024 using the projected unit credit method.
The principal actuarial assumptions used in the valuation were as follows:

2024 2023
Main assumpttons:

Rate of salary increases NIA WA
Rate of Increase in penslon payments 2.40 % 2.45%
Discount rate 4.94% 5.26 %
RPI inflation 2.45 % 2.55%
CPI inftation 1.95 % 2.05 %
Postratirement mortality (in years):

Life expectancy of a male currently aged 60 25.6 26.4
Life expectancy of a female currently aged 60 275 276
Ue expectancy at 60 of a male currently aged 45 25.7 265
Life expectancy at 60 of a female currently aged 45 28.0 28.4

Asingle equivalent weighted average discount rate has been computed thal results In the same obligation as discounting each cash flow with the spot
‘ale from the discount rate curve thal corresponds Io the duration of the cash flows. This single equivalent discount rate was then used lo calculate the
Interest cost charged on the obligation. This Is known as the "traditional" approach to applying the discount rale curve,

In setting Inflation assumptions, the actuary advised that the Company needs to consider the extent to which market Implied inflation assumptions:
should reflect different supply and demand dynamics at different durations. This Is known as the Inflation risk premium (IRP). Linked to this, the
Government's response to Ils consultation on RPI reform was published on 25 November 2020, and strongly Implied that RPI will become aligned with
CPIH (CPI Including owner-occupler housing costs) from 2030, Whilst some Impact of this has been priced Into markels, there Is curently a far larger
gap between market implied inflation pricing and the Aon best-estimate inflation view and therefore the IRP Is now higher than has historically been the
case,

‘The primary source of Aon’s best-estimate Inflation view ls Consensus Economics, which Is @ standard source of economic forecasting data used on a
global basis. Currently, there is not an approach which Is solely based on market break-even pricing which produces a best-estimate of future inflation,
and so an adjustment via an IRP is required to generale a best-eslimale inflation assumption. The best-estimate IRP al 31 August 2024 Is 90bps (2023:
‘95bps) and is derived based on swaps data from Bloomberg, The RP! inflation assumption Is based on the Aon Goverment RPI Curve, less the best-
estimate Inflation risk premium of S0bps using scheme cashflows for the Boots Pension Scheme, rounded (o the nearest Sbps,

The post-ratirement mortality assumptions allow for expected Increases In longevly. The “current” disclosures above relate to assumptions based on
longevity (in years) following retirement at the balance sheet date, with “fulure” being that relating to an employee retiring in 2031.

Cash commutation assumptions allow for members to commute 74% of the maximum cash lump sum based on commutation factors currently in force,
This s based on the Scheme's triennial valuation which noled that over the last 6 years, members have on average commuted 74% of the maximum
pension that can be commuted.

The welghled average duration of the defined benefit obligalton Is 11 years (2023: 12 years). The expected maturity analysis of undiscounted pension
benefits which will give rise lo an increase in the pension asset and liabilily is as follows:

2024 2023
Emitiion Emilion
Expected future benefit payments:
Within one year 231 246
Betwaen one and two years 240 234
Between (wo and five years 705 743
Over five years 4,372 4,364
Total 2,600, 2,681

48


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

25. Retirement and death benefit schemes (continued)

Sensitivities

The sensitivities regarding the principal assumptions used to measure the scheme assets and liabilities are set out below:
Assumption Change in assumption Impact on scheme liabilities
Discount rate Increase by 0.25% Decrease by £108
Inflation assumption Increase by 0.25% Increase by £90 million
Rate of pension payments Increase by 0.25% Increase by £77 million
Rale of deferred increases Increase by 0.25% Increase by £13 million
Post retirement mortality Increase by 1 year Increase by £136 milion

The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely to
occur and changes in some of the assumplions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to changes in the
significant assumptions, the same method has been applied as when calculating the pension liability recognised within the Balance sheet. The inflation
assumption impacts the “pension increases in payment" and deferred pension calculations. Market metrics have been used to derive the discount rate
and price. The impact of the change in sensitivities is broadly linear and therefore the magnitude of changes can be computed from the above.

Triennial valuation and contributions
The most recently completed actuarial valuation of the Company's defined benefit scheme was carried out as at 1 April 2021 and completed on 16
December 2022. There was a funding surplus of £205 milion in the Scheme as at the valuation date, as was agreed with the Trustee, no further
Recovery Plan and Schedule of Contribution was required. Revised funding commitments have been agreed with the Trustee as part of the buy-in
transaction, the Company will accelerate already committed payments and make additional contributions as consideration for the purchase of the
annuity. The next valuation Is as at 1 April 2024 and due to be completed by 30 June 2025.

Under the existing Contributions Schedule, the total contributions to the defined benefit scheme in financial year 2025 will be £10 million (2024: £23,
million) which relates to coupon payments made under a Pension Funding Partnership structure. The Pension Fund Partnership structure holds
property assets which are deemed plan assels to the Scheme and the income from the structure are recognised as contributions to the Scheme. The
‘Company leases these property assets from a fellow Group Company.

As the participating employer of the pension scheme the Company, along with the principal employer, The Boots Company PLC will be required to
make additional contributions to the pension scheme in order to support the buy-in which Is expected to complete in November 2025. Total additional
contributions are expected to be approximately £150 million along with approximately £90 million of other future obligations and will be settled by one,
or a combination of both of the two companies,

In June 2023, the High Court handed down a decision (Virgin Media Limited v NTL Pension Trustees Il Limited and others) which potentially has
implications for the validity of amendments made by ali UK pension schemes, including the Scheme, which were contracted-aut on a salary-related
basis between 6 April 1997 and the abolition of contracting-out in 2016. In July 2024, the Court of Appeal upheld the original decision. It is not yet
known whether the Department for Work and Pensions (OWP) will retiospectively bring forward changes in legislation to resolve any issues (although
this a matter which is subject to active ongoing engagement between the DWP and industry) and there is al least one further High Court case to be
heard in 2025.

The Scheme Trustee has carried out a top level risk assessment in relation to the Scheme and following consideration of the relevant factors, the
Trustee was comfortable that the case did not present any undue or new risks for the Scheme. The Company will, in conjunction with the Trustee of the
‘Scheme, continue to monitor the situation,

Therefore, the Company's view is that it remains appropriate that no adjustment is made to the Company's financial statements, as at this point there is
no reason to believe the relevant requirements were not complied with.

26. Share capital

2024 2023
Emilion Emillion
Authorised
709,750,000 ordinary shares of £1 each (2023: 709,750,000 shares) 710 710
Issued and fully paid
709,750,000 ordinary shares of £1 each (2023: 709,750,000 shares) 740 740

The Company has one class of ordinary shares which carry no right to fixed income.

49


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

27. Actuarial reserve

Actuarial
reserve
Emilion,
‘AL September 2022 410
Remeasurement loss on defined benefit pension plans (402)
Tax on remeasuremen| Joss on defined benefil pension plans 401
‘AL 34 August 2023 117
Remeasurement loss on defined benefit pension plans. (4,056)
‘Tax on remeasurement loss on defined benefit pension plans 267
‘A134 August 2024 (672)
The actuarial reserve reflects reported movements on the definad benef plans.
28. Hedging reserve
Hedging
reserve
Emillion
AU September 2022 . 1
Loss arising on changes In fair value of hedging Instruments during the perlod ty
‘AL3t August 2023 —
Loss arising on change in falr value of hedging instruments during the period =
AL31 August 2024 =_
‘The hedging reserve reflects reported movements In fair value of hedging instruments.
28. Investment revaluation reserve
Investment
revaluation
reserve
Emillion
Att Seplember 2022 (85)
Falr value loss arising on equity instruments designated at FVTOC! (2)
‘AL31 August 2023 (87)
Falr value loss arising on equlty instruments designated at FVTOCI (41)
Dividend recelved from other equily investment =
AL34 August 2024 (120)

The investment revaluation reserve reflects reported movernents in falr value of other equily Investments held. There Is na tax in relation to the fair
value gain on investments In equily Instruments designated at FVTOCI (2023: Eni).

During the year WBAD Holdings 2 Limited pald a dividend to the Company of £58 million (2023: £nil) which was Intended as part of the recovery of the
cost of the Investment and has been presented in other comprehensive Income,

30. Retained earnings

Retained

earnings

£million,
‘ALT Seplember 2022 774
Profit for the year 47
Dividends pald (15)
‘AL31 August 2023 . 803
Profil for the year ait
Dividends pald (58)
‘At31 August 2024 956


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

31, Financlal instruments

Categories of financial Instruments held al fair value:

2024 2023
Emillion Emilion

Financial assets at falr value
Equity instruments designated al FVTOC! (note 17) 66. 107

‘The shares included within equity Instruments designated at FVTOCT represent investments in unlisted equilies. For such Investments, the fair value
has been derived using the discounted cash flow method to determine the present value of the expected fulure economic benefits to be derived from
the ownership of these shares. During the year, a falr value loss of £41 million (2023: loss of £2 million) was recognised, through OCI, In the underlying
value of equity Investments due to renegotiation of terms of trade within the WBA Group. The assessment was based on a discount rate of 10.85%
(2023: 10,76%). If the discount rate was changed by +/-1%, this would reduce or increase the value of investments by approximately £1 millon.

32, Leases

‘The Company leases certain retell slores, warehouses, distribution centres, office space, land and equipment, The commencement date of all lease
terms Is the earlier of the date the Company becomes legally obligated to make rent payments or the date the Company has the right to control the
Property.

Right-of-use assets

2024 2023
Emiltion Emilion
Bulidings 1,266 4,296
‘Net carrying value at 1 September 1,398 1,656
Additions 192 164
Depreciation charge for the year (220) (238)
Impairment losses (b) (38) 32)
Reversal of impairment losses (b) 18 -
Other movements (a) (72) (154)
Net carrying value al 31 August 2024 4,266, 4,396

(2) Other movements Include lease terminations, modifications, remeasurements and entering into operating subleases.
(b) Impairment losses and reversal of Impairment losses are discussed in note 4. See below for antounts recognised in the current year.

Inthe year, the Company recognised a net impalrment charge of £20 million (2023: £32 milion), comprising an Impairment charge of £36 millon (2023:
£32 million) and a reversal of impaliment relating (0 prior periods of £18 million (2023: £nll). Included In the Impairment charge for the year Is an
amount In respect of stores closure programmes, which amounts to an impairment charge of fil (2023: £8 milion) along with an Impairment for an
Isolated store closure of £2 million (2023: nil).

The recoverable amount of Individual stores has been calculated using a value In use calculation. The value in use calculation requires management to
estimate a number of factors, Including projected fulure operating results, economic projections, anitcipated future cash flows and discount rales.
Management estimate the discount rate using the pre-lax rate thal reflects the current markel assessment of tha time value of money and the risks
specific to the cash-generating unit,

Impairment consideration of Right-of-use assets

Anilclpated future cash flows are based on the Company's three year internal forecasts, the results of which are reviewed by the Board, Eslimales of
selling prices and direct costs are based on past experience and expectations of future changes In the markel. The pre-tax discount rate of 10.7%
(2023: 11.5%) used lo calculate the value in use Is derived (rom (he Company's pre-tax weighted average cost of capital, as adjusted for the specific
risks relating to the cash-generating unit. The forecast 's extrapolated beyond three years based on an estimalad long-lerm average growth rate of
2.0% (2023: 2.0%).

‘The Income from subleasing right-of-use assets Is £13 milllon (2023: £14 million).

51


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

32, Leases (continued)

Lease Hlabilities
The table below show the amounts relating to leases liabiiies:

2024 2023
Emilion Emilion
‘Amount recognised In the Balance sheet
Current 175 191
Non-current 41,388 4,474
Total lease llabllitles 1,563, 1,665
Amounts recognised in the Income statement
Interest on lease llablliles (note 10) 87 7m
Total recognised in the Income statement 87 7

In the year, the expense relating to varlable lease payments was £45 million (2023: £41 million), which are nol Included in the measuroment of lease
liabilities. These relate (0 lease contracts whereby the lease payment is based upon a percentage of revenue.

During the year, the expense for short term leases from a fellow Group Company was £13 million (2023: £14 milion).
The (otal cash flow in relatlon to leases in the year is £276 million (2023: £284 milion).
The weighted average remaining tease term in years Is 8.81 years (2023: 9,32 years), and the weighted average. discount rate Is 5.74% (2023: 4.72%).

The lable below shows tha Company's financial liabilllies in respect of lease liabilliles based on thelr contractual maturities, The amounts disclosed In
the lable are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

2024 2023

Emilion £million

Less than 4 year 26 244
Between 1 and 2 years: 184 207
Belween 2 and 5 years: . 371 430
Over 5 years 319 444
Total contractual cash flows 4,090 4,322

The undiscounted lease llabillty commitments are based on contractual obligations, whereas the lease tlabillty on the balance sheet factors in any
adjustments made for the lease term and extension options.

The Company as lessor
Property rental income earned during the year was £13 million (2023: £18 millon), recognised in the Income statement and all relating to operating
leases. All operating lease contracts contain market review clauses in the event that the lessee exercises Its option to renew. The lessee does not have
an oplion to purchase the property al the expiry of the lease period, The rantal Income Is included within Other operating Income within the Income
statement.

Leasing arrangements: Properly Is leased to tenants under operaling leases with rentals payable monthly. Lease payments for some contracts Include
rent review clauses, but there are no varlable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, Where considered necessary to reduce credit risk, the
Company may obtain bank guarantees for the term of the lease.

Although the Company is exposed to changes In the residual value at the end of the current leases, the Company typically enters into new operating
Jeases and therefore will not Immediately reallse any reduction In residual value at the end of these leases. Expectations about the future residual
values are reflected in the fair value of the properties, where relevant, when considering the carrying values for impairment purposes.

Minimum lease payments recelvable on leased propertles are as below:

2024 2023

Emilion Emilion

Within 4 year 8 10
Between 1 and 2 years 7 8
Between 2 and 3 years 6 6
Between 3 and 4 years 5 5
Between 4 and 5 years 4 4
Later than years 50 54
80 a7

52


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

33, Contingent Habilitles

The Company and other Group Companies have an arrangement with its bank under which lls current account balances are netled on @ dally basis,
with those of the other participating Group companies for the purposes of charging or crediting interest. Under this arrangement, each participating
Company agrees that its joinlly and severally lable to the bank, with each participating Company, for the aggregate overdraft balances on the current
accounts of all participating companies, Each of the participating Company's liabilly Is limited to the amount of any positive cash balance It has in its
current accounts with the bank on the day nelting takes place. Al 31 August 2024, the Company was contingontly liable under this arrangement for a
tolal amount of £nil (2023: £nil).

34, Financial commitments

Capital commitments at the balance sheet date for which no provisions have been made, are presented as follows:

2024 2023
£miltion £mition
Contracted:
Property, plant, equipment and software 40 2
40 24

35, Events after the balance sheet date

On 1 September 2024 the operations of WBA (IT Services) international Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Walgreens Boots Alliance, were
lransferred Into the Company. There have been no other significent events subsequently to the balance sheet date thal should be considered for a
proper understanding of these financial statements,

36, Related parties
During the year, the Company entered into transactions in the ordinary course of business, with relaled parties. The Company has taken advantage of

the exemption under paragraph 8(k) of FRS101 not to disclose transacllons with fellow wholly owned subsidiaries, Transaclions enlered into, and
raging balances outstanding at 31 August with other related parties, are as follows:

Sale of goods and services __ Purchase of goods and services

2024 2023 2024 2023

Emilion Emillon £million Emilion
Related party .
Associates - Boots Hearingcare Limited 18 16 - -
Non-wholly owned subsidiaries - Boots Oplictans Professional Services 44 45 _ _
Limited
Other related pariles - Cencora, Inc. 16 28 4,628 1,752
Amounts owed by related Amounts owad to related
parties partles
2024 2023 2024 2023
Emllllon Emilton Emilion Emilion
Related party
Assoolates - Boots Hearingcare Limited 3 3 - -
Nonavholly owned subsdiares - Boots Opticians Professionl Services 3 3 _ _
thor stated partes - Notingham Enterprite Zone Development Company 3 3 _ _
Other related partles - Cencora, Ino. 3 4 219 217

The above reflects the sale and purchase of goods from 1 September to 31 August and the outstanding balance at 31 August,

Amounts within sale of goods and services relating to Boots Opticians Professional Services Limited include lease rental income of £10 million (2023:
£11 million). These rentals represent subleases with expiry dates that are in ling wilh the head leases held by Bools UK Limited. The minimum lease
payments receivable under thase leases are Included within the disclosure In note 32,

During the year the Company received a dividend of £8 millon (2023: £7 million) from Boots Hearingcare Limited,

Amounts owed from Nottingham Enterprise Zone Development Company Limited relate to Invoices processed by the Company on behalf of
Nottingham Enterprise Zone Development Company Limited. This balance Is non-Interest bearing and payable on demand.

The amounts outstanding are unsecured and will be settled in cash, No guarantees have been given or received. No provisions have been made for
doubtful debts in respect of the aniounts owed by related parties as the Company doss not deem there to be a tisk of default,


Boots UK Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

37. Ultimate parent undertaking

At 34 August 2024, the Company's immediate parent company was Alliance Boots Holdings Limiled, a Company Incorporated in the United Kingdom,
and ils ultimate parent Company and controlling party was Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc...

Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc, Is afso (he parent undertaking of the largest and smallest group In which the Company is consolidated. Tha consolidated
financia} statements of this Group are avallable from the Walgreens Boots Alliance website at wwwv.walgreensbootsalllance.com.

Walgreans Bools Alliance, Inc. is incorporated In the United States of America, its principal office address Is 108 Wilmot Road, Deerfield, Ilinols, 60015,

United States, and registered office address is Corporallon Service Company, 251 Lille Falls Drive, Wilminglon, New Casile Counly, DE, 19808-1874,
United States.

54

