Registration number: 00263455

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Adnual Report and Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 December 2024

(nN

14/06/2025 #300
COMPANIES HOUSE

SATURDAY

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

. Contents

Strategic Report

Directors' Report

Statement of Directors' Responsibilities
Independent Auditor's Report

Profit and Loss Account

Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes to the Financial Statements

2to3

5to8

10

11

12 to 18

va
Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

The directors present their strategic report for the year ended 31 December 2024.

Principal activity
Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of Bristol Myers Squibb Holdings 2002
Limited and its primary activities are that of a holding company.

Review of the business .
The Company did not trade during the year. The investments and the net assets of the Company have remained
at the same level as prior-year due to limited activity during the year.

Key performance indicators
The Company is a holding company and does not trade. Therefore, the Directors do not believe there are any
relevant key performance indicators.

Financial risk management :

The Directors have taken a prudent.approach in their consideration of the various risks attached to the financial
instruments of the Company. The Company's exposure to price risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and cash flow risk
is not material for the assessment of assets, liabilities and the financial statements.

Future developments .
The Directors are not aware, at the date of this report, of any likely changes in the Company's activities in the
next year.

03/06/2025

. Approved by the Board on ....

A Ong
Director \

.. and signed on its behalf by:

Page 1

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited J

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

The directors present their annual report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December
2024. .

; Directors
The directors who served at any time during the financial year and to the date of signing were as follows:

K McCutcheon Jablonski (resigned 20 June 2024)

A Ong

GE Oliver (appointed 11 March 2024)

AE P Fallone (appointed 20 June 2024)

The company secretary is Citco Management (UK) Limited.

Disclosure of information to the auditor
Each of the persons who is a director at the date of approval of this report confirms that:

+ So far as the director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the company’s auditor is
unaware; and

+ The director has taken all the steps that he/she ought-to have taken as a director in order to make him/herself
aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the company’s auditor is aware of that information.

This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of section 418 of the
Companies Act 2006. /

Independent auditor
The auditor, Deloitte LLP, has indicated its willingness to continue in office. The company has elected to
dispense with the obligation to appoint an auditor annually under the provisions of sections 485 to 488 of the
Companies Act 2006.

This directors’ report has been prepared in accordance with the provisions applicable to companies entitled to
the small companies’ exemption. .

Going concern
The financial statements have been prepared on the basis that the Company is a going concern.

The Company participates in the group’s centralised treasury arrangements and so shares banking arrangements
with its ultimate parent and fellow subsidiaries. ‘

On the basis of their assessment of the Company’s financial position and of the enquiries made of the directors
of Bristol Myers Squibb Company, the Company’s directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company
will be able to continue in operational existence for at least 12:months from the date of approval of these
financial statements, and are satisfied that it is appropriate that they continue to adopt the going concern basis of
accounting in preparing the annual financial statements.

Page 2

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Dividends
The directors do not propose a dividend to be paid in the year (2023: nil).
Post balance sheet events

There are no events to report after the statement of financial position date. the Company does not have any
commitments to report

Approved by the Board on 03/06/2026 and signed on its behalf by:

A Ong
Director

Page 3

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Statement of Directors' Responsibilities

The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the financial statements in accordance with
applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the
directors have elected to prepare the -financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally
Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards and applicable law) including FRS 102
‘The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland’. Under company law the
directors. must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of
the state of affairs'of the company and of the Profit or Loss of the company for that period. In preparing these
financial statements, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

+ make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the
company will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company
and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also
responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention
and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information
included on the company's website. Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and
dissemination of the financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

J

Page 4

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings
Limited

Report on the audit of the financial statements

Opinion

In our opinion the financial statements of Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited (the ‘company’) give a true
and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs as at 31 December 2024 and of its results for the year then
ended;

+ have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice,
including Financial Reporting Standard 102 “The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and
Republic of Ireland”; and

+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We have audited the financial statements which comprise:

* the profit and loss account;

* the statement of financial position;

* the statement of changes in equity;

+ the statement of accounting policy: and
+ the related notes | to 8.

The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable. law and United
Kingdom Accounting Standards, including Financial Reporting Standard 102 “The Financial Reporting
Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland” (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice).

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International. Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor's responsibilities
for the audit of the financial statements section of our report.

We are independent of the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of
the financial statements in the UK, including the Financial Reporting Council’s (thé ‘FRC’s’) Ethical Standard,
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that
the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concem basis of
accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or
conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue as a
going concern for a period of at least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the
relevant sections of this report.

Other.information

The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon: The directors are responsible for the other information contained
within the annual report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and,
except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated ‘in our report, we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon. ° :

Page 5

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

. Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings
Limited

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit, or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material
misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in the financial
statements themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of directors

As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement, the directors are responsible for the
preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such
internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the’ preparation of financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concer and using the going
concer basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free

from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our
* opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in

accordance with ISAs.(UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements.can arise

from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be

expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s
website at: www. frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor's report.

Extent to which the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design. procedures
in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities,
including fraud. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is
detailed below.

We considered the nature of the company’s industry and its control environment, and reviewed the company’s
documentation of their policies and procedures relating to fraud and compliance with laws and regulations. We
also enquired of management about their own identification and assessment of the risks of irregularities.

We obtained an understanding: of the legal and regulatory frameworks that the company operates in, and
identified the key laws and regulations that:

+ had a direct effect on the determination of material amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. These
included UK Companies Act, tax legislation; and

+ do not have a direct effect on the financial statements but compliance with which may be fundamental to the
company’s ability to operate or to avoid a material penalty.

Page 6

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings
Limited

We ‘discussed among the audit engagement team regarding the opportunities and incentives that may exist
within the organisation for fraud and how and where fraud might occur in the financial statements.

In common with all audits under ISAs (UK), we are also required to perform specific procedures to respond to

the risk of management override. In addressing the risk of fraud through management override of controls, we

tested the appropriateness of journal entries and other adjustments; assessed whether the judgements made in

making accounting estimates are indicative of a potential bias; and evaluated the business rationale of any

significant transactions that are unusual or outside the normal course of business.

In addition to the above, our procedures to respond to the risks identified included the following:

+ reviewing financial statement disclosures by testing to supporting documentation to assess compliance with
> provisions of relevant laws and regulations described as having a direct effect on the financial statements;

* performing analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships that may indicate risks of.

material misstatement due to fraud;

+ enquiring of management, internal audit and legal counsels concerning actual and potential litigation and

claims, and instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations; and

+ reading minutes of meetings of those charged with governance and reviewing internal audit reports.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements .
Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006

In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

+ the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year for which the
financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

* the strategic report and the, directors’ report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.

In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of
the audit, we have not identified any material misstatements in the strategic report or the directors’ report.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report in respect of the following matters if, in our opinion:

+ adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from
branches not visited by us; or

+ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

+ certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

+ we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in respect Of these matters.

Page 7

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings
Limited
‘ (

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the company’ 's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter-3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members
those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest
extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the
company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Clare McCalvey,FCA (Senior Statutory Auditor) .
for and on behalf of Deloitte LLP . ,
Statutory Auditor

London
United Kingdom

Date.....

. Page 8

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited ~

Profit and Loss Account for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2024 2023

Note £000 £000

Tumover - -
Operating result , . 3 - -
Result before tax . - -

Taxation . 5 - -

Result for the financial year :

The company has no other comprehensive income for the current or prior year other than- the results above.
Accordingly, no statement of comprehensive income has been presented.

The notes on pages 12 to 18 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Page 9

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

(Registration number: 00263455)
Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2024

2024
Note £000
Non-current assets
Investments 6 -
Long-term debtors 100
100
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 7 100
Profit and loss account :
Shareholder's funds’ 100
Approved and authorised by the Board on23/06/2025 4 sipned on its behalf by:

A Ong
Director

2023
£000

100
100

100

100

The notes on pages 12 to 18 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 10

(
Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Share Profit and loss

capital account Total

£000 £000 £000
At | January 2023 100 = 100
Total comprehensive income for the year :

At 31 December 2023 . 100 : 100

Profit and loss

Share capital account Total
£000 £000 £000
At I January 2023 100 : 100
At 31 December 2023 100 : 100
~ _. Profit and loss
Share capital account Total
£000 £000 £000
At | January 2024 100 = 100
A$31 December 2024 a

The notes on pages ‘12 to 18 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Page 11

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

1 General information

The company is a private company limited by share capital, incorporated in the United Kingdom under the
Companies Act 2006 , and registered in England and Wales.

The address of its registered office is:
ARC Uxbridge
Sanderson Road
New Denham
Denham . .

Buckinghamshire :
UB8 1DH

2 Accounting policies .

Summary of significant accounting policies and key accounting estimates
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

Statement of compliance
These financial statements were prepared in accordance with FRS 102 'The Financial Reporting Standard
applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland’ and the Companies Act 2006.

Basis of preparation
These financial statements have been prepared using the historical cost convention. These are separate stand
alone financial statements of the company.

The presentation and functional currency is pound sterling. because this is the currency of the primary economic
‘environment in which the the Company operates.

Exemptions

The Company meets the definition of a qualifying entity under FRS 102 and has therefore taken advantage of
the disclosure exemptions available to it under FRS 102 1.12 in respect of its financial statements. The Company
has not drawn up consolidated financial statements because it is entitled to the exemption available under
section 401 if the Companies Act 2006. The results of the Company are included in the consolidated financial
statements of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company which are publicly available and can be obtained from the address
detailed in note 8. In preparing these financial statements, the Company has taken exemptions in relation to
financial instruments, presentation of a cash flow statement and remuneration of key management personnel.
The Company has taken advantage of the disclosure exemptions available under the provisions of FRS102 not
to disclose transactions with other Group companies.

Going concern
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.

On the basis of their assessment of the Company's financial position and of the enquiries made of the directors
of Bristol Myers Squibb Company, the Company's directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company
will be able to continue in operational existence for at least 12 months from the date of approval of these
financial statements. Thus they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the annual
financial statements.

Page 12

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Tax
Current tax, including UK corporation tax, is provided at amounts expected to be paid (or recovered) using the
tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the statement of financial position date.

Deferred taxation is recognised in respect of all timing differences that have originated but not reversed at the
statement of financial position date where transactions or events that result in an obligation to pay more tax in
the future or a right to pay less tax.in the future have occurred at the statement of financial position date. Timing
differences are differences between the Company's taxable profits and its results as stated in the financial
statements that arise from the inclusion of gains and losses in tax assessments in periods different from those in
which they are recognised in the financial statements.

A net deferred tax asset is regarded as recoverable and therefore recognised only to the extent that, on the basis
of all available evidence, it can be regarded as more likely than not there will be suitable taxable. profits from
_ which the. future reversal of the underlying differences can be deducted.

Deferred tax is measured at the average tax rates that are expected to apply in the periods in which the timing
differences are expected to reverse based on tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted
by the statement of financial position date.

Investments .
Investments in. subsidiary undertakings are stated in the statement of financial position of the Company at
historical cost less any provision for impairment. .

Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Equity instruments are measured at the fair value of the cash or other
resources received or receivable, net of the direct costs of issuing the equity instruments. If payment is deferred
and the time value of money is material, the initial measurement is on a present value basis.

Dividends
Dividend distribution to the company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the financial statements in the
reporting period in which the dividends are declared.

Page 13

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Financial instruments
Classification
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party to the ‘contractual
provisions of the instrument. A
Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according to the substance ‘of the contractual
arrangements entered into. An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of
the Company after deducting all of its liabilities.

/
‘Recognition and measurement
All financial assets and liabilities are initially measured at transaction price (including transaction costs), except
for those financial assets classified as at fair value through profit or loss, which are initially measured at fair
value (which is normally the transaction price excluding transaction costs), unless the arrangement constitutes a
financing transaction. If an arrangement constitutes a financing transaction, the financial asset or financial
liability is measured at the present value of the future payments discounted at a market rate of interest for a
similar debt instrument.

Financial assets and liabilities are only offset in the statement of financial position when, and only when there
exists a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and the Company intends either to seitle on a
net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Debt instruments are generally measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Debt instruments that have no stated interest rate (and do not constitute financing transaction) and are classified
as payable or receivable within one year are initially measured at an undiscounted amount of the cash or other
consideration expected to be paid or received, net of impairment.

With the exception of some hedging instruments, other debt instruments not meeting these conditions are
measured at fair value through profit or loss.

Commitments to make and receive loans which meet the conditions mentioned above are measured at cost
(which may be nil) less impairment.

Financial assets are derecognised when and only when:

a) the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire or are settled,

b) the Company transfers to another party substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
asset, or 7

c) the Company, despite having’ retained some, but not all, significant risks and rewards of oumership, has
transferred control of the asset to another party.

Financial liabilities are derecognised only when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled
or expires.

Page 14

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty
In the application of the Company's accounting policies, which are described above, the directors are required to
make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
are recognised in the period in which the ‘estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

During the current or prior year, there were no critical judgements or key sources of estimation uncertainty.

3° Operating result

Audit fees relating to the audit of these financial statements amounting to £6,000 (2023: £6,000) were paid
during the year by the company's immediate parent undertaking and no amounts were recharged to this
‘Company.

4 Staff costs and directors' remuneration

The Company has no employees, other than the directors. The directors receive remuneration from other group
» ‘companies, and the amount allocated in respect of their services to this Company is £nil (2023: £nil):

Page 15

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

5 Taxation

The tax on the result before tax for the year is the same as the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK of 25%
(2023: 25%).

Tax charged/(credited) in the profit and loss account

2024 2023
£000 £000

Current taxation
UK corporation tax at standard rate of 25% (2023: 25%) - -

Deferred tax has been calculated at 25% which is the rate substantively enacted at the statement of financial
position date. The company has no unrecogniseds ‘deferred tax assets (2023: £69,846) in respect of carried
forward losses. No deferred tax asset is recognised as the Company is not able to forecast future taxable income
at this time. Finance Bill 2021 announced an increase in the corporation tax main rate from 19% to 25% from 1
April 2023. On 24th May 2021, the Finance Bill was substantively enacted. Therefore the rate of 25% has been’
used in the deferred tax calculations.

Pillar Two

The OECD Pillar Two model rules ("Pillar Two") introduce a global minimum tax for multinational groups with
consolidated revenue over €750m. The Bristol-Myers Squibb group is within the scope of Pillar Two rules. On
20 March 2025, the United Kingdom enacted the Pillar Two rules by implementing an Income. Inclusion Rule
(“IIR”) and Qualified Domestic Minimum Top-up Tax (“QDMTT”) for fiscal years beginning on or after 31
December 2023. Additionally, the United Kingdom implemented the Undertaxed Profits Rule (“UTPR”) for
fiscal years beginning on or after 31 December 2024.

The Company as part of the Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (“BMS Group”) has performed an assessment of
the Group’s potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes: This assessment is based on the BMS Group’s
financial statements as of 31 December 2024. Based on this assessment, the United Kingdom is expected to
qualify for the Transitional Safe Harbour. This assessment is subject to change based upon potential additional
legislation and guidance issued before filing of the Pillar Two tax return in 2026. Any future changes in estimate
will be reported as a component of income tax expense.

The impact of the Pillar Two legislation may vary in future periods since it is a complex calculation that is
dependent upon a variety of factors, including future administrative guidance that may ‘impact current legislation
and the operating results of affiliated entities operating in the United Kingdom.

In 2024, the Company did not incur a Pillar Two top-up tax.

Page 16

y

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

6 Investments in subsidiaries

Details of undertakings

Details of the investments in which the company holds nominal value of any class of share capital are as

follows:

Country of
Undertaking incorporation

Subsidiary undertakings. :
E.R. Squibb & Sons Limited England

ARC Uxbridge
Sanderson Road
‘New Denham
Denham
Buckinghamshire
UB8 IDH

E.R. Squibb & Sons Limited is a dormant company.

7 Share capital

Allotted, called up and fully paid shares

No. 000°

Ordinary shares of £1 each 100

Proportion of voting rights
Holding and shares held
2024 2023
Ordinary 100% 100%
shares
2024 2023
£000 No. 000 £000

Page 17

100 100 100

Bristol-Myers Squibb Holdings Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

8 Parent and ultimate parent undertaking

The Company's. immediate parent undertaking is Bristol-Myers Squibb Pharmaceuticals International Holdings
Netherlands B.V. The ultimate controlling party is Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.

The parent of the largest group in which results are consolidated. is Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. The parent
of the largest group is incorporated in United States of America.

The registered address from where the financial statements can also be obtained is:
The Secretary, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, 345 Park Avenue, New York, 10154, United States of ‘America.

The parent of the smallest group in which results are consolidated is Bristol-Myers Squibb Pharmaceuticals
International Holdings Netherlands B.V., a limited company organised and existing under the laws of
Netherlands.

The registered address from where the financial statements can also be obtained is:
Orteliuslaan 1000, Utrecht, 3528 BD, Netherlands

Page 18
