Registered number: 420175

CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

DIRECTORS' REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018

$$

SL

MONDAY

89S7T8:
A0g 15/07/2019 #3
COMPANIES HOUSE i

COMPANY INFORMATION

Directors Mr S E Foots
Mr G L Myers (resigned 29 March 2019)
Mr R Tanna (appointed 29 March 2019)

Company secretary Mr T M Brophy

Registered number 420175

Registered office Cowick Hall
Snaith
Goole
East Yorkshire
DN14 9AA

Independent auditor KPMG LLP
Chartered Accountants
1 Sovereign Square
Sovereign Street

Leeds

West Yorkshire

LS1 4DA
Country of incorporation United Kingdom, England
Domiciled United Kingdom, England

Legal form Private company limited by shares

CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

vovemnveeeneee SRODA-POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

CONTENTS
Pages
Directors' Report 1-2
Independent Auditor's Report 3-5
Balance Sheet 6
Statement of Changes in Equity 7

Notes to the Financial Statements 8-10

| CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

DIRECTORS' REPORT
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018

The Directors present their report and the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018.

Principal activities

The Company's principal activity during the year continued to be as an intermediary holding company.

Given the straightforward nature of the business, the Company's Directors are of the opinion that analysis using
key performance indicators is not necessary for an understanding of the development, performance or position
of the business.

Results and dividends

The profit for the year, after taxation, amounted to £Nil (2017 - ENil).

The Company did not trade during the year or preceding year and made neither a profit nor a loss. There was
also no other comprehensive income for the current or preceding financial year and accordingly, neither a profit
and loss account or a statement of comprehensive income have been prepared.

During the year no dividend was paid (2017:£Nil). The Directors do not recommend a final dividend (2017: ENil).

Directors

The Directors of the Company who were in office during the year and up to the date of signing the financial
statements were:

Mr S E Foots
Mr G L Myers (resigned 29 March 2019)
Mr R Tanna (appointed 29 March 2019)

Directors are granted an indemnity from the Company in respect of liabilities incurred as a result of their
Positions to the extent permitted by law. These indemnities are qualifying third party indemnities (as defined in
section 234 of the Companies Act 2006) and were in force during the financial year and at the date of approval of
the financial statements. In addition, the Company maintained Directors' and Officers’ liability insurance cover
throughout the year.

Independent auditor

As we reported last year, we undertook a comprehensive tender process in 2017 and the Board appointed
KPMG LLP as external auditor, with Chris Hearld as Lead Audit Partner. The first year audited by KPMG LLP is
the year to 31 December 2018.

Principal risks and uncertainties

From the perspective of the Company, the principal risk relates to the non-payment of amounts owed by group
undertakings (note 5).

Page 1

CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018

Directors’ responsibilities statement

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Directors’ Report and the financial statements in accordance with
applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the
Directors have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and United
Kingdom Accounting Standards (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including Financial
Reporting Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’. Under company law the Directors must not approve
the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the
Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period.

In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

. select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

. make judgments and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

. state whether applicable UK Accounting Standards have been followed, subject to any material departures
disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

. assess the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
going concern; and

. use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain
the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the
Company and to enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They
are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general
responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the company and
to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Disclosure of information to auditor
Each of the persons who are Directors at the time when this Directors' Report is approved has confirmed that:

. so far as the Director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is
unaware, and

. the Director has taken all the steps that ought to have been taken as a Director in order to be aware of any
relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

The Company has met the requirements in the Companies Act 2006 to obtain the exemption provided, on the
grounds of its size, from the presentation of a Strategic Report.

This report was approved by the board on 14 June 2019 and signed on its behalf.

Mr R Tanna
Director

Page 2

CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL
LIMITED

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Croda Polymers International Limited ("the Company") for the year
ended 31 December 2018, which comprise: the balance sheet as at 31 December 2018 and the statement of
changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2018; and related notes including the accounting policies in
note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

. give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 December 2018 and of its result for
the year then ended;

. have been properly prepared in accordance with UK Accounting Standards, including
FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”; and

. have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis of opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and
are independent of the company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical
Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our
opinion.

The impact of uncertainties due to the UK exiting the European Union on our audit

Uncertainties related to the effects of Brexit are relevant to understanding our audit of the financial statements.
All audits assess and challenge the reasonableness of estimates made by the directors, related disclosures and
the appropriateness of the going concern basis of preparation of the financial statements. All of these depend
on assessments of the future economic environment and the company’s future prospects and performance.

Brexit is one of the most significant economic events for the UK, and at the date of this report its effects are
subject to unprecedented levels of uncertainty of outcomes, with the full range of possible effects unknown. We
applied a standardised firm-wide approach in response to that uncertainty when assessing the company’s future
prospects and performance. However, no audit should be expected to predict the unknowable factors or all
possible future implications for a company and this is particularly the case in relation to Brexit.

Going concern

The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to
liquidate the Company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's financial
position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could
have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of
approval of the financial statements ("the going concern period”).

We are required to report to you if we have concluded that the use of the going concern basis of accounting is
inappropriate or there is an undisclosed material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt over the use of that
basis for a period of at least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements. In our evaluation of the
Directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the company’s business model, including the impact
of Brexit, and analysed how those risks might affect the Company's financial resources or ability to continue
operations over the going concern period. We have nothing to report in these respects.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes
that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the absence of
reference to a material uncertainty in this auditor's report is not a guarantee that the Company will continue in
operation.

Page 3

CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL
LIMITED

Directors’ report

The Directors are responsible for the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover
that report and we do not express an audit opinion thereon. Our responsibility is to read the directors’ report and,
in doing so, consider whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially
misstated or inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

. we have not identified material misstatements in the directors’ report;

. in our opinion the information given in that report for the financial year is consistent with the financial
statements; and

. in our opinion that report has been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

° adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

certain disclosures of Directors' remuneration specified by law are not made; or

we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

the directors were not entitled to take advantage of the small companies exemption from the requirement
to prepare a strategic report.

We have nothing to report in these repects.

Directors‘ reponsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 2, the Directors are responsible for: the preparation of
the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to
do so.

Auditor's reponsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor's report.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC's website at
www. frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

Page 4

CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL
LIMITED

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members
those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest
extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the
Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Chris Hearld (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

1 Sovereign Square
Sovereign Street
Leeds

West Yorkshire
LS14DA

14 June 2019

Page 5

CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
~~ REGISTERED NUMBER: 420175

BALANCE SHEET
AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2018
2018 2017
Note £000 £000
Current assets
Debtors 5 4,414 4,414
Creditors: amounts falling due within one
year 6 (2,575) (2,575)
Net current assets 1,839 1,839
Net assets 1,839 1,839
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 7 1,813 1,813
Profit and loss account 26 26
Total shareholders’ funds 1,839 1,839

The financial statements on pages 6 to 10 were approved and authorised for issue by the board and were signed
on its behalf on 14 June 2019.

gun pe

Director

The notes on pages 8 to 10 form part of these financial statements.

Page 6

CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018

Called up Profit and

share capital loss account

£000 £000

At 1 January 2018 1,813 26
At 31 December 2018 1,813 26

Total
shareholders’
funds

£000
1,839

1,839

The notes on pages 8 to 10 form part of these financial statements.

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2017

Called up Profit and
share capital loss account

£000 £000

At 1 January 2017 1,813 26

At 31 December 2017

The notes on pages 8 to 10 form part of these financial statements.

1,813 26

Total
shareholders’
funds

£000
1,839

1,839

Page 7

CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018

Accounting policies

The principal accounting policies are summarised below. They have all been applied consistently
throughout the year and the preceding year. Details of new standards, amendments and interpretations
can be viewed on page 106 of the Group's Annual Report and Accounts.

44

1.2

1.3

Basis of preparation of financial statements

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention unless otherwise
specified within these accounting policies and in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101
‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’ and the Companies Act 2006.

The preparation of financial statements in compliance with FRS 101 requires the use of certain
critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise judgment in applying the
Company's accounting policies (see note 2).

Financial reporting standard 101 - reduced disclosure exemptions

The company has taken advantage of the following disclosure exemptions under FRS 101:

. the requirement in paragraph 38 of IAS 1 ‘Presentation of Financial Statements’ to present
comparative information in respect of:

- paragraph 79(a)(iv) of IAS 1;
. the requirements of IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows
. the requirements of paragraph 17 and 18A of lAS 24 Related Party Disclosures

. the requirements in IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures to disclose related party transactions
entered into between two or more members of a group, provided that any subsidiary which is a
party to the transaction is wholly owned by such a member

Going concern
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis as, after making appropriate

enquiries, including a review of forecasts, budgets and banking facilities, the Directors have a
reasonable expectation that the Company has adequate resources to continue in existence.

Page 8

CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018

Accounting policies (continued)

1.4 Financial risk factors

The Group accounting policy for financial risk factors is also relevant to the preparation of the
Company financial statements and is disclosed on pages 130 and 131 of the Group’s Annual Report
and Accounts. .

Accounting estimates and judgements

The significant! accounting policies of the Croda International Pic Group have been set by management
with the approval of the Audit Committee. The application of these policies requires estimates and
assumptions to be made concerning the future and judgements to be made on the applicability of policies
to particular situations. Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical
experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Under IFRS an estimate or judgement may be considered critical if it involves
matters that are highly uncertain or where different estimation methods could reasonably have been used,
or if changes in the estimate that would have a material impact on the Group's results are likely to occur
from period to period.

These judgements can be viewed on page 105 of the Group's Annual Report and Accounts, however
none are relevant to the preparation of the financial statements for Croda Polymers International Limited.
Auditor's remuneration

The audit fee for the year of £1,000 (2017: £1,000) was borne by the ultimate parent company, Croda
International Plc.

Employees

The Company has no employees (2017: None) other than Directors, who did not receive any
remuneration in respect of their services (2017:£Nil).

Debtors
2018 2017
£000 £000

Amounts owed by group undertakings 4,414 4,414

Amounts owed by group undertakings are unsecured, non-interest bearing and have no fixed terms of
repayment. It is not expected that the full amount will be collected within 12 months.

Page 9

CRODA POLYMERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2018

Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

2018 2017

£000 £000

Amounts owed to group undertakings 2,575 2,575
—  =————

Amounts owed to group undertakings are unsecured, non-interest bearing and have no fixed terms of
repayment.

Called up share capital

2018 2017
£000 £000
Allotted, called up and fully paid

1,813,000 (2017 - 1,813,000) Ordinary shares of £1.00 each 1,813 1,813

Related party transactions

The Company has taken advantage of the exemption available under FRS 101 from disclosing
transactions with other Group undertakings. There were no other related party transactions during the
year.

Ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party

The immediate and ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party is Croda International Plc, a
company registered in England. Croda International Plc Group is the largest and smallest group of which
the Company is a member and for which consolidated financial statements are prepared. Copies of the
Group financial statements can be obtained from the Company Secretary at the registered office of the
Company detailed on the Company information page
