Registration number: 00284385

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Annual Report and Financial Statements

for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

anu

A24 11/09/2025 #2)
COMPANIES HOUSE

THURSDAY

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Contents

Company Information

Strategic Report

Directors’ Report

Statement of Directors' Responsibilities
Independent Auditor's Report

Income Statement

Statement of Comprehensive Income
Statement of Financial Position
Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes to the Financial Statements

2toll

12 to 16

17

18 to 21

22

23

24

25

26 to 49

Directors

Registered office

Bankers

Auditors

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Company Information

K Alexander
Y Nonaka

L Broad

C Stokes

Lilly House
Basing View
Basingstoke
Hampshire
RG21 4FA
United Kingdom

BNP Paribas

10 Harewood Avenue
London

NWI 6AA

Emst & Young Chartered Accountants
City Quarter

Lapps Quay

Cork

Ireland

Page |

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

The directors present their strategic report for the year ended 31 December 2024.

Principal activity

The principal activity of the company during the year was the supply of pharmaceuticals products to third
parties in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland. The company also provides intra-group services to
fellow subsidiaries. The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company, its US parent
company. The UK company promotes and supplies products from the Eli Lilly global product portfolio,
performs significant research and development in the UK as part of the global research and development
programme and acts as a regional office for strategic management and certain other regional activities. These
regional costs are billed out to other group companies. (Further details on the current global product portfolio
and research pipeline can be obtained from the Eli Lilly and Company annual accounts at the following web
address http://investor.lilly.com/annuals.cfm).

Page 2

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Fair review of the business

The global nature of Eli Lilly and Company Limited's business and associated strategies results in significant
intercompany trading, the level of which is driven by third party sales in different geographic markets. Eli Lilly
and Company Limited manages its business with reference to UK and Ireland third party sales and control of
operating expenditure.

On the 14th of October 2024, Eli Lilly and Company announced a strategic collaboration with the Department
of Health and Social Care (DHSC), Department for Science, Innovation and Technology (DSIT) and devolved
nations to tackle significant population health challenges, including exploring new models to better care for
people living with obesity. This collaboration will support the UK Government's plans to drive economic
growth by boosting investment, promoting innovation and supporting entrepreneurship in the UK, while helping
‘build an NHS fit for the future’ by providing significant savings and supporting the provision of treatment in
community settings. Lilly anticipates making up to an additional £279 million in new investment into the UK,
bringing the expected total Lilly inward investment into the UK up to £435 million. The Memorandum of.
Understanding (MoU) for the strategic collaboration, between Eli Lilly and Company, and the UK Government
and devolved nations and NHS England, represents a shared ambition to address population health challenges.

The company's turnover increased by 89.6% in the year which was driven by an increase in third party sales of
goods of 150.4% and an increase in rendering of Research and Development and regional services to other
group companies of 5.1%. These changes were in line with local and global management expectations. The core
commercial operations of pharmaceutical distribution and promotion for Eli Lilly and Company Limited remain
strong.

Operating profit increased by 140.1% and operating expenses increased by 88.0% as a result of increased
employee cost of 17.8%, increased other expenses of 2.3%, increased raw materials and consumables of 205.1%
which were partially offset by reduced depreciation costs of 6.4%. Variances in the year are predominantly
driven by an increase in commercial activity due to new launches.

Equity shareholder's funds increased by £13.4m, as a result of the profit for the year, actuarial gains on the
retiree medical benefits scheme and the credit for the share based payments, offset by losses on the defined
benefit pension scheme and a dividend payment of £20.0m.

The company's key financial indicators during the year were as follows:

2024 2023

"000 ‘000
Tumover £889,000 £468,767
Operating Profit £36,513 £15,208
Profit after tax £38,419 £22,263
Equity shareholders’ funds £360,288 £346,886

Page 3

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Principal risks and uncertainties

The company faces risks in relation to successful patent challenges by generic manufacturers, failure to obtain
recommendation for reimbursement for new products and license extensions from NICE (National Institute for
Health and Clinical Excellence) and/or the Scottish Medicines onsortium (SMC). Lilly made the decision to
leave the UK’s 2019 Voluntary Scheme for Branded Medicines Pricing and Access at the end of 2022. As a
result, Lilly came under the alternative Statutory Scheme for Branded Medicines in 2023. The statutory scheme
payment percentage was set at 27.5% (Q1 the rate was set at 24.4%, while from Q2 to Q4, was set at 28.6%).

In Q4 2023, the Department of Health and Social Care (DHSC) introduced a replacement Voluntary Scheme
effective Ist January, 2024, which the company joined. Under this new scheme, rates differ between older and
newer products. The rebate percentage for Q1 2024 is set at 19.5% for all products, while from Q2 to Q4 2024,
the percentage is set at 15.1% for newer products and up to 35% for older products. In 2025, the percntage is set
at 22.9% for newer products and remain up to 35% for older products.

Continuing beyond 2025, we expect the rates applicable to each product category to vary.

The company does not hedge against foreign currency exposure; this risk is managed by the US parent company
on a global basis.

The cost and wage inflation, availability of adequate capacity in global transportation, supply chain
complexities, including consolidation therein, labor market issues, international tension and conflicts, uneven
economic growth or downturns, an increase in overall demand in our industry for certain products and materials,
and public health outbreaks, epidemics, or pandemics, have caused, and in the future may cause, delays or
disruptions in and/or increased costs related to distribution of our medicines, the construction or acquisition of
manufacturing capacity, procurement activity, and supplier or contract manufacturer arrangements, as well as
other general business impacts. Based upon the directors’ knowledge at the date of this report, these issues are
not expected to represent a significant risk to the Company’s liquidity or use of the going concern assumption.

Non-financial and sustainability information statement

In accordance with the Companies (Strategic report) (Climate-related Financial Disclosure) Regulations 2022,
we present our 2024 UK CRFD compliance statement and confirm that we have made climate-related financial
disclosures for the year ended 31 December 2024.

Governance
Corporate Governance

Eli Lilly and Company, the US parent Company (or “Corporate”) maintains a corporate level sustainability and
climate program with explicit oversight by the Board of Directors and management. The Directors and
Corporate Governance Committee (DCGC) of the Board is responsible for identifying and bringing to the
attention of the Board as appropriate current and emerging sustainability trends and public policy issues that
may affect the business operations, performance or reputation of the company. The full Board is engaged in
strategic sustainability oversight, receiving regular updates on sustainability matters at Board meetings,
reviewing and aligning the company’s long-term environmental goals and weighing in on significant strategic
investments. When appropriate, the Board reviews and approves strategic climate-related decisions.

Page 4

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Additionally, key enterprise level risks, including climate-related risks, are overseen by the full Board and our
enterprise risk management (ERM) process is overseen by the Audit Committee of the Board. Corporate
company management is charged with managing risk through robust internal processes and controls. The
enterprise level risks are reviewed annually at a full Board meeting, and relevant enterprise risks are also
addressed in periodic business function reviews and at the annual Board and senior management strategy
session.

The Executive Sustainability Committee (ESC) provides oversight and management of the Corporate
sustainability strategy, priorities, performance, and disclosure, all designed to align with and further the
company’s long-term business strategy and drive value for the organisation. The Sustainability Operations
Committee (SOC) is a cross-functional management committee that assists the ESC and the leadership team of
the company in:

(a) developing sustainability strategy, goals and policies;

(b) developing, implementing, and monitoring initiatives in support of such strategy, goals and policies;

(c) overseeing corporate-level sustainability reporting (including internal controls over sustainability
reporting), and

(4) monitoring and assessing trends and developments relating to sustainability matters.

Additionally, to drive further alignment of Sustainability strategy and reporting between Corporate and affiliate
offices, the Corporate Sustainability team has established Local Sustainability Councils (LSC) in many
jurisdictions. LSC’s are cross-functional local teams with an appointed point of contact responsible for
addressing sustainability related topics, including climate, in the region. LSC points of contact engage directly
with the Corporate Sustainability team who escalates any necessary topics to the SOC and further to the ESC or
Board as necessary.

The Executive Vice President and President of Manufacturing Operations, a member of the company’s
Executive Committee reporting directly to the CEO, is responsible for assessing and managing climate-related
risks and opportunities. The President of Manufacturing chairs our Corporate Health, Safety and Environment
(HSE) Committee which meets quarterly and oversees performance related to compliance with environmental
regulations, policies, procedures and standards globally, as well as assessing and managing climate-related risks
and opportunities, assessing performance against our climate-related goals and driving improvement on
environmental performance throughout the organisation. The Corporate Health, Safety and Environmental
Committee membership also includes cross-functional executives and senior leadership to drive alignment and
action.

UK Governance

As a wholly owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company (Corporate), the US parent company, the directors of
Eli Lilly and Company Limited (UK) consider the climate-related risks and opportunities of the UK including
how they are identified, assessed and managed, to be in line with Corporate.

The UK directors evaluate climate risks and opportunities relevant for the UK as part of the annual review and

approval of the UK Carbon Reduction Plan. Additionally, climate-related risks and opportunities are considered
as part of the annual financial business planning process.

Page 5

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

In addition, beginning in the third quarter of 2025 the Chief Operating Officer of the Northern European Hub,
which includes the UK and Ireland operations of Eli Lilly and Company Limited has assumed responsibility for
climate-related financial disclosures, including climate-related risk and opportunity analysis in the region.
Beginning in the third quarter of 2025, climate-related risks and opportunities are included in the quarterly
Internal Compliance and Controls Governance (ICCG) process. This assessment will be presented to the UK
Board as a standing agenda item on an annual basis alongside the annual update to the UK Carbon Reduction
Plan.

The UK Sustainability Council point of contact has regular meetings with the Corporate Sustainability team and
Corporate HSE Sustainability leaders, who escalate any relevant topics through the Corporate Sustainability
governance structure.

Risk management

Assessment of climate-related risks and opportunities inform our Corporate Strategic Plan and are guided by,
stakeholder interest, business impact, peer activity, and Lilly’s governance processes. Corporate HSE regularly
engages with business units and global facilities to evaluate site-specific risks and share insights on regulatory
changes, stakeholder expectations, and industry best practices.

Potential impacts to our global supply chain are assessed, including disruptions to manufacturing and packaging.
Scenario analyses developed in collaboration with internal and external experts help inform our planning and
investment in climate resilience.

Our Corporate Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) and HSE teams jointly drive climate adaptation planning
through business continuity planning, emergency preparedness, and proactive investments in climate-related
opportunities to support a sustainable transition.

In 2025, a climate-related scenario analysis was undertaken at the Corporate level to evaluate the potential
effects of a changing climate on the company’s operations, assets and overall business objectives.
Climate-related risks and opportunities were identified and prioritised, then analysed across climate scenarios
and time horizons.

The climate scenario analysis was undertaken in four steps:

1. Foundational Research: Identification of current and potential future climate-related risks and opportunities
(both physical and transition) through review of existing documentation, peer and market leader benchmarking,
and stakeholder engagement. The outcome was a list of climate-related risks and opportunities for consideration.

2. Priority Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities: Identification of priority climate-related risks and

opportunities based on agreed upon risk prioritisation criteria. The outcome was a selection of six priority
climate-related risks and opportunities for scenario analysis.

Page 6

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

3. Climate Scenarios and Time Horizons: Identification of physical and transition climate scenarios to be used
in scenario analysis, and defined short-, medium-, and long-term time horizons. This determination allowed for
preparation for scenario analysis.

4. Scenario Analysis and Impact Assessment: Assessment of impacts of priority physical and transition risks
and opportunities on Lilly over the short-, medium-, and long-term across physical and transition scenarios. The
outcome was a qualitative and quantitative assessment of impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities to
Lilly across selected time horizons and scenarios.

The UK was included in the scope of the overall assessment. Further, to evaluate climate risks and opportunities
relevant to the UK, a high-level assessment was completed by the local UK sustainability team and the
Corporate HSE team in preparation for updating the UK Carbon Reduction Plan.

The Corporate climate risk and opportunities assessment is expected to be undertaken and updated every three
years.

Strategy

The climate scenario analysis helps inform climate-related disclosures and supports the continued integration of.
climate-related considerations into business, strategy and risk management for both Lilly Corporate and UK.

Lilly conducted a climate scenario analysis for both its Corporate and UK operations to stress-test the business
against a range of future climate conditions and policy environments. The analysis covered multiple time
horizons-short-term (to 2030 or 0-5 years), medium-term (to 2035 or 5-10 years), and long-term (to 2050 or
10-25 years)-to align with company planning cycles and capture both physical and transition climate risks. Each
priority risk and opportunity was assessed under three climate scenarios, drawing on globally recognised sources
such as the International Energy Agency (IEA) and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
Physical risks were evaluated using IPCC-aligned Shared Socioeconomic Pathways (SSPs): SSP1-2.6
(low-emissions, ~1.6°C), SSP2-4.5 (intermediate, ~2.7°C), and SSP5-8.5 (high-emissions, ~4.4°C). Transition
risks and opportunities were assessed using IEA scenarios: Net Zero Emissions by 2050 (NZE2050,
1.5°C-aligned), Announced Pledges Scenario (APS, medium-emissions), and Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS,
high-emissions). These scenarios reflect a spectrum of plausible futures, from ambitious Paris-aligned pathways
to worst-case, high-emissions outcomes. Lilly’s scenario analysis is aligned with the Task Force on
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) guidance and recommendations.

A subset of three climate-related risks and opportunities relevant to the business activities in the UK were
identified based on their potential financial and operational impact. Based on the nature of UK and Corporate
operations, no UK specific climate risks or opportunities were identified in addition to the Corporate analysis.

Current mitigating actions were not included in any of the scenarios. Each scenario was modeled independently,
with no assumed correlation between different risks and opportunities. Additionally, the following key
assumptions were made relative to the UK analysis:

+ Physical risks such as increased frequency of extreme weather events affecting supply chain and
infrastructure resilience.

+ Anticipated increases in carbon pricing and energy costs; and
+ Regulatory developments aligned with the UK’s net-zero commitments.

Page 7

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

5 Description and Sticati ,
imate Risk/\-ategory [potential impact to the ReSPonse/ Mitigating Time Wy atrics and Targets)
pportunity . \Actions Horizon
business
‘orporate is
dertaking a
ignificant global
anufacturing site
[Extreme weather events expansion to meet
could impair, or halt _jincreasing demand and| Currently no metrics
(Acute physical Physical jproduction of medicines jbuild resilience in hort/ — jand targets relevant
{climate risk to Rick supplied to the UK or supply sources. ledium fo this risk, but this
kupply chain limpact the distribution ofAdditionally, erm ill be monitored
Imedicines within the ‘orporate has \going forward.
UK. extensive supply chain
resilience measures in
iplace, including local
business continuity
plans.
[Increased regulations letric: Scope 1, 2
increased restricting the production] and 3 GHG
lenvironmental vgs lof medicines and end of [Global monitoring of Short/ _ lemissions Target:
{Transition . 4 .
(gimate Risk life requirements. policy and regulations Medium \Net zero by 2050 for
ompliance Increased compliance —_jimpacting countries. term |UK operations across|
requirements costs and risk of fines or cope 1, 2 and 3
‘arbon taxes. HG emissions.
[Transitioning to tric: renewable
renewable energy Iectricity as a
wee jsources may reduce |Active efforts to
[Transitioning . ercent of total
._ exposure to energy price purchase renewable Short n
to renewable Opportunity, P°° . Jectricity purchased
olatility, decrease lectricity across erm 5
energy sources . « arget: 100%
\carbon costs, and major UK sites. le electri
nhance its sustainability enewable electricity
p ance urchases by 2030.
ositioning.

The UK has mitigating actions in place to manage all the identified climate-related risks and opportunities. As a
result, we do not anticipate the need for major changes to our strategy in order to respond to these risks. In the
medium and long-term, transition to a low-carbon economy could have financial implications for the UK.

Page 8

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Metrics & Targets
Corporate Level

Corporate is committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions and prioritising energy efficiency to become a
more climate-resilient organisation. Corporately have set climate goals for 2030 as we work toward contributing
to a low-carbon economy.

Secure 100% of our purchased electricity from renewable sources

Through the end of 2024, 58.3% of our Corporate electricity demand - 399,000 MWh - came from renewable
sources.

Become carbon neutral in our own operations (Scope 1 and 2 emissions)

Lilly strives to be carbon neutral in our own operations by 2030, and we are working to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions throughout our operations. Our strategy is to first reduce emissions as much as possible internally
before we consider offsets to cover the remaining emissions. From 2020 to 2024 at a Corporate level, we
achieved a 37% absolute emissions reduction in our own operations and 15% year-on-year reduction from 2023
to 2024. This reduction was driven by energy efficiency improvements and increased use of our renewable
electricity, which was partially offset by business growth at existing sites and the startup of new manufacturing
facilities.

Enhance tracking and reporting of emissions from our Scope 3 (value-chain)

Scope 3 emissions for 2024 is expected to be available in Q3 2025. In 2023, Lilly's total Scope 3 emissions were
5,139,500 metric tonnes CO2e. The increase in Scope 3 emissions versus the prior year is primarily attributable
to the increased spend on purchased goods and services driven by the company's accelerated growth in the
period. The emissions associated with the value chain account for approximately 90% of total GHG emissions,
with Category 1 (Purchased Goods and Services), Category 2 (Capital Goods) and Category 4 (Upstream
Transportation and Distribution) being the largest contributors.

UK Level

In alignment with NHS climate commitments, the UK Board has approved a target to achieve net zero emissions
across Scopes 1, 2, and 3 within the UK boundary by 2050. Progress toward this goal is reviewed annually and
disclosed in the company’s Carbon Reduction Plan. UK-specific emissions data are derived from the broader
corporate emissions inventory, which received limited assurance by Ernst & Young LLP in the United States in
2024.

Renewable Electricity

Through the end of 2024, all electricity used across our UK operations was sourced from renewable energy,
__ supporting our carbon-neutral commitment in the region. -

Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions

In 2024, Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions in the UK were 530 metric tonnes CO2e, a reduction of 45% This
reduction has been driven by the commitment to toward maximising purchased electricity from renewable
sources. Additionally, the UK has transitioned nearly 90% of its fleet vehicles to electric, resulting in a 66%
reduction in emissions from vehicles compared to the prior year.

Page 9

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Scope 3 Emissions

Scope 3 emissions for 2024 are expected to be available in Q3 2025. In 2023, the UK’s total Scope 3 emissions
were 6,282 metric tonnes CO2e. The 20% increase versus the prior year is primarily attributable to the increased
spend on purchased goods and services driven by the company's accelerated growth in the period and aligned
with the Corporate Scope 3 emissions growth. Category 4 (Upstream Transportation and Distribution)
represents 89% of Scope 3 value chain emissions.

Section 172 statement
Directors Duties under section 172 of the Companies Act

The directors of Eli Lilly and Company Limited consider, both individually and together, that they have acted in the
way they consider good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the company for the benefit of its
members as a whole having regard to the stakeholders and matters set out in $172(1)(a-f) of the Companies Act. The
decisions made by the company during the year ending 31 December 2024 have been made with the objective; to have
a long term beneficial impact on the company, to engage employees with equality and with their interests, to develop
strong value adding business relationships with the company's stakeholders, to take into account the wider impact on
the company’s actions on the environment and, to be ethical and maintain the high levels of business conduct.

The Directors are fully aware of their responsibilities to promote the success of the Company in accordance with
section 172 of the Companies Act 2006. To ensure the Company is operating in line with good corporate practice, a
written reminder of the section 172 duty is included on each Board agenda.

Engaging with our employees

Eli Lilly and Company Limited’s purpose is to make life better for people around the world. To do this, the company
must attract, engage, and retain highly talented individuals who are committed to the same core values of integrity,
excellence, and respect for people. To support the company’s strategy Lilly continues fostering a culture globally that
emphasises four key behaviours - include, innovate, accelerate and deliver so that the company’s employees feel like
they are part of one Team Lilly with one purpose; to make life better for patients who are waiting. The directors of Eli
Lilly and Company Limited continue to maintain and develop its policy of involving and communicating with its
employees as explained more fully in the director's report set out on page 12.

Engaging with our Customers

The company remains committed to provide its customer with innovative medicines, information and exceptional
customer service in order to enable people to live longer, healthier, and more active lives.

Engaging with our Suppliers

The company is committed to ensuring it work’s responsibly with suppliers. During the year, the Board reviewed and
approved the company’s Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement, which sets out the steps taken to prevent
modern slavery in the company’s business and supply chains. The Company has enacted a Supplier Code of Conduct
with which both its existing and new suppliers are contractually obliged to adhere, it has meeasures to effectively vet
potential new suppliers for compliance with modern slavery requirements, and it is committed to providing tailored
training on anti-slavery and human trafficking requirements and awareness to its key staff.

Page 10

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Engaging with our Shareholders

The board is committed to openly engaging with the company’s sharcholders as they recognise the importance of
effective communication, visibility of strategy and objectives and tackling industry risks proactively.

The impact of the Company’s operations on the community and environment

In a challenging, research-based pharmaceutical industry, the company is committed to making high-quality
medicines responsibly. The company aims to achieve world-class performance by operating safely, minimising use of
natural resources, and lessening the company's impact on the enviomment.The company actively promotes waste
recycling, encourage grcen travel and continues to invest in the local communities in which Eli Lilly and Company
Limited operate. The directors fully support and encourage employees to take part in a wide range of programs to help
the company meet this commitment.

Approved and authorised by the Board on 21 July 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

2a

Y Nonaka
Director

Page 11

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

The directors present their report and the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.

Directors of the company
The directors who held office during the year were as follows:

K Alexander

L DeMayo Steele (resigned 3 July 2024)
Y Nonaka

L Broad

C Stokes (appointed 3 July 2024)

Dividends
The profit for the year, after taxation, amounted to £38,419,000.

Dividends of £20,000,000 were paid in the year (2023: 20,000,000).

Employment of disabled persons

It is the policy of this company that disabled persons, whether registered disabled or not, should receive full and fair
consideration for all job vacancies, company training and development programmes and promotion opportunities for
which these persons are suitable and qualified applicants. Employees who become disabled during their working life
with the company will be retrained in employment wherever practicable and will be given reasonable assistance with
any necessary retraining.

Employee involvement

The company has continued to maintain and develop its policy of involving and communicating with its
employees, as appropriate to the various components of its organisation, and has continued its policy of
providing annually a detailed report to each employee of its performance and business progress.

Future developments

The company will continue to provide its customers with innovative medicines, information and exceptional
customer service in order to enable people to live longer, healthier, and more active lives.

Page 12


Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Going concern

The UK operations are inextricably linked with global activities and therefore going concern should be
considered as a wider global group; the financial condition of the group is discussed in Eli Lilly and Company’s
financial statements under ‘Financial Condition’ in the ‘Financials’ section. Eli Lilly and Company Limited (the
UK company) will continue to promote and supply products from the Eli Lilly global product portfolio and
performs significant research and development in the UK as part of the global research and development
programme. The UK operations, in isolation, would not have a going concern exposure; if the UK activities
were to become non-productive the facilities and entities would be properly shut down and dissolved with full
support of the parent and wider group.

Both the UK group of companies and the wider Lilly group have sufficient funding available through internal
profit generation and external financing (through both institutions and financial markets). Globally Eli Lilly and
Company is exposed to changes in government healthcare policies, reimbursement structures and patent
expirations, challenges from generic manufacturers and the impact of any global pandemics. The Group
continues to benefit from the strengthening demand for newer products which helps to shelter the decline in
demand for products that have lost exclusivity.

The company participates in the group’s centralised treasury arrangements and so shares banking arrangements
with its parent and fellow subsidiaries. The directors have reviewed forecast profits and cash flows, and
examined the funding available to the Company. Based upon the directors' knowledge at the date of this report
the directors have a reasonable expectation that the company has adequate resources to continue in operational
existence for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, they continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing
the annual report and accounts.

Subsequent events
On 21 July 2025 the company declared a dividend for £20,000,000 to be paid on 1 August 2025.

On 21 July 2025, the company entered into a Grant Agreement with the Department for Science, Innovation and
Technology, and have committed up to £35 million as part of this agreement. The funding will be provided as
part of a competition with NHS Healthcare Organisations to pilot and evaluate innovative models of care for
obesity, with the goal of building a strong evidence base for effective obesity care in the UK.

Disclosure of information to the auditors

Each director has taken steps that they ought to have taken as a director in order to make themselves aware of
any relevant audit information and to establish that the company's auditors are aware of that information. The
directors confirm that there is no relevant information that they know of and of which they know the auditors are
unaware.

Re-appointment of auditors

In accordance with section 485.of the Companies Act 2006, a resolution is to be proposed at the Annual _General
Meeting for appointment of Emst and Young as auditor of the Company.

Page 13

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Statement of carbon emissions in compliance with Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting

Covering energy use and associated greenhouse gas emissions relating to gas, electricity and transport, intensity
ratios and information relating to energy efficiency actions (Scopes | and 2).

2024 2023
Total energy use covering electricity, gas and transport (kWh) 2,439,372 4,264,420
Total emissions generated through use of purchased electricity (tCO2e) 208 225
Total emissions generated through use of natural gas (tCO2e) 117 139
Total emissions generated through business travel (tCO2e) 205 605
Total gross emissions (tCO2e) 530 969
Intensity ratio total gross emissions (kgCO2e per sqft) 5.97 10.93

Energy Saving Activities undertaken by Lilly UK in 2024:

Through the end of 2024, all electricity used across our UK operations was sourced from renewable
energy, supporting our carbon-neutral commitment in the region.

We transitioned our employee fleet vehicles from a 50/50 petrol hybrid vs diesel mix in 2019 to 89%
electric vehicles by the end of 2024, with a target of reaching 100% by 2030. This shift resulted in a 66%
reduction in emissions from business mileage compared to 2023. The transition was supported by Green
Travel initiatives, including the provision of a secure bike cage, cyclist lockers, shower facilities,
designated car share spaces, and electric vehicle charging points-aligning with the UK’s 2024 report
indicating a 89% uptake in electric vehicle usage.

Energy efficiency measures implemented included the installation of LED lighting throughout the
building and car parks, motion-sensitive lighting systems, programmable thermostats, and monitors
configured to remain in sleep mode until activated.

Recycling and waste management services were provided by third-party contractors, covering general
office waste, recycling, and green gardening waste. Additional initiatives included battery and coffee pod
recycling, reuse of coffee granules by staff for gardening, and the collection and recycling of Waste
Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE), with the majority of components being recycled.

Sustainability measures implemented included the continued promotion of reusable keep cups through
the removal of paper cups, provision of reusable kitchenware, a weekly gym towel laundering service,
participation in the ‘Fruitful Office’ initiative (providing free fruit and donating seedlings to a school in
the Tukombo region), and the use of paper towels supplied in 100% recyclable plastic wrap.

Office supply sustainability measures included the use of 100% recyclable paper in photocopiers,
recycling of printer cartridges, battery collection and recycling, provision of recycled bags for
confidential waste, and the collection of end-of-life laptops and printer cartridges, with the majority of
components being recycled.

Page 14

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

* The company supported local community initiatives by organising donation drives, including the
collection of food for local food banks and the donation of sanitary products to those in need.

+ Internal communication was supported through the Sustainability Employee Group, GHSE updates, local
site trend reporting (e.g. cup lid usage and car park behaviour), Managers Connect sessions,
company-wide townhalls, and digital broadcasts via Lilly TV screens.

The following energy efficiency measures are under way or under consideration for
implementation during 2025:

+ We continue to partner with logistics suppliers who prioritise their own environmental impact and
commit to Net zero by 2050 and reduce fossil fuel vehicle reliance by using more biofuels and electric
vehicles.

+ Lilly remains committed to investigating ways to mitigate product end of life plastic waste and we
continue to evaluate collaborative solutions in different geographies, including the UK.

+ We are introducing new recycling bins throughout our premises, implement a food waste recycling
programme aligned with updated government guidelines, and participate in a ‘Waste Day’ initiative in
collaboration with SUEZ to promote sustainable waste management practices.

+ We continue to advance our sustainability and wellbeing agenda by installing mains water stations to
reduce plastic bottle use, encouraging staff to bring reusable cups to events, reviewing options for
plastic-free soap dispensers, and evaluating the environmental impact of paper towels versus hand dryers
using 2022 data. We also partner with the "Hey Girls” initiative to provide sanitary products for
underprivileged girls (Feb 2025), streamline milk supply through Fruitful Office (Jan 2025), and promote
awareness of available sustainable facilities.

+ We continue to encourage and support the adoption of electric vehicles and cycling to work as part of our
Green Travel initiatives.

+ We are reviewing our stationery procurement practices, opting for recycled alternatives where possible,
and have initiated the sourcing of a specialist supplier for lithium battery disposal, with appropriate
safety kits now in place.

+ We introduced the iMop cleaning system, which reduces environmental impact by over 75% through
significantly lower water and chemical usage, while also improving safety by drying surfaces more
quickly. Additionally, we are adopting plant-based and chemical-free cleaning products and use refillable
dispensers for hand sanitisers and soaps.

+ We focus on strengthening relationships with local organisations to foster long-term partnerships and
enhance our community engagement efforts. :

+ We launched the "Sustainability" Teams channel and update the 'Lilly Now' page to improve staff
awareness of sustainability initiatives. Collaboration with the sustainability group continues, and staff are
encouraged to share suggestions on office and environmental matters.

Page 15

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Directors’ Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 (continued)

Methodology used in the calculation of disclosures:

+ Data collection (usage collected through supplier bills) in conjunction with Government GHG reporting
conversion factors.

+ Intensity ratios calculated using square footage,

+ Kg CO2e per square foot of total site area,

Approved by the Board on 21 July 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

Y Nonaka
Director

Page 16

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Statement of Directors' Responsibilities

The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the financial statements in accordance with
applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the
directors have clected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally
Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards and applicable law). Under company
law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the company for that period. In preparing
these financial statements, the directors are required to:

+ Select suitable accounting policies and apply them consistently;

+ Make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

+ State whether applicable UK Accounting Standards has been followed, subject to any material departures
disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

+ Prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the
company will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company
and enable them (to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also
responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention
and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

Y Nonaka
Director

Page 17

=
EY

Shape the future
with confidence

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF ELI LILLY AND COMPANY LIMITED

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Eli Lilly and Company Limited for the year ended 31 December
2024 which comprise the primary statements such as the Income Statement, Statement of Comprehensive
Income, Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Changes in Equity and the related notes 1 to 22,
including a summary of significant accounting policies. The financial reporting framework that has been
applied in their preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards FRS 102 “The
Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland” (United Kingdom Generally
Accepted Accounting Practice).

In our opinion, the financial statements:

* give a true and fair view of the company’s affairs as at 31 December 24 and of its profit for the year
then ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice; and

«have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the
company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
statements in the UK, including the FRC’'s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis
of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events
or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company's ability to continue
as a going concern for a period of 12 months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in
the relevant sections of this report. However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted,
this statement is not a guarantee as to the company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

Other information

The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial
statements and our auditor's report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information
contained within the annual report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent
otherwise explicitly stated in this report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Page 18

2
EY

Shape the future
with confidence

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF ELI LILLY AND COMPANY LIMITED
(Continued)

Other information (continued)

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information
is materially inconsistent with the financial statements, or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit
or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent
material misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in
the financial statements themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is
a material misstatement of the other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

e the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year for which the
financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

the strategic report and directors’ report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course
of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report or directors’ report.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006
requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:

* adequate accounting records have not been kept or returns adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

e the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

e certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

Responsibilities of directors

As explained more fully in the statement of directors’ responsibilities set out on page 17, the directors are
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and
fair view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company's ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Page 19

Shape the future
with confidence

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF ELI LILLY AND COMPANY LIMITED
(Continued)

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
these financial statements.

Explanation as to what extent the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities,
including fraud

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design
procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect irregularities, including fraud. The risk
of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting
from error, as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional
misrepresentations, or through collusion. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting
irregularities, including fraud is detailed below. However, the primary responsibility for the prevention and
detection of fraud rests with both those charged with governance of the entity and management.

« We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that are applicable to the
company and determined that the most significant are those that relate to the reporting framework
United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice, the Companies Act 2006, and the United
Kingdom direct and indirect tax regulations. In addition, the company must comply with operational
and employment laws and regulations including health and safety, anti-money laundering and GDPR.

« We understood how Eli Lilly & Company Limited is complying with those frameworks by making
enquiries of management and those charged with governance to understand how the Company
maintains and communicates its policies and procedures in these areas and corroborated this by
reviewing supporting documentation.

« We assessed the susceptibility of the company’s financial statements to material misstatement,
including how fraud might occur by understanding the potential incentives and pressures for
management to manipulate the financial statements, and performed procedures to understand the
areas in which this would most likely arise. Based on our risk assessment procedures, we identified
the risk of management override as a fraud risk, and specifically, identified a fraud risk over cut off on
revenue transactions. We performed detailed substantive procedures and data analytics over revenue
in the designated period to address the cut-off risk identified. The risk of management override in the
accounts was addressed through journal entry testing, with specific focus on any journals posted,
instigated or instructed by management within the business. Our procedures had a focus on
compliance with the accounting framework through obtaining sufficient audit evidence in line with the
level of risk identified and with relevant legislation.

Page 20

a
EY

‘Shape the future
with confidence

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF ELI LILLY AND COMPANY LIMITED
(Continued)

Explanation as to what extent the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities,
including fraud (continued)

« Based on this understanding we designed our audit procedures to identify noncompliance with such
laws and regulations. Our procedures involved:

— Enquiry of management and those charged with governance as to any fraud identified or suspected
in the period, any actual or potential litigation or claims or breaches of significant laws or regulations
applicable to the company;

— Auditing the risk of management override, through testing of a sample of journal entries and other
adjustments for appropriateness;

— Enquiry of management, coupled with testing of journal entries, in order to identify and understand
any significant transactions outside of the normal course of business;

- Challenging the judgements made by management through corroborating the basis for those
judgments and considering contradicting evidence; and

- Reading financial statement disclosures and testing to supporting documentation to assess
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the
Financial Reporting Council's website at https://www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description
forms part of our auditor's report.

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16
of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s
members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the
company and the company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we
have formed.

lan Gregory (Serffor statutory auditor)

for and on behalf of Ernst & Young Chartered Accountants, Statutory Auditor

Cork, Ireland

Date: 28 July 2025

Page 21


Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Income Statement for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2024 2023

Note £000 £000
Tumover 3 £889,000 £468,767
Raw materials and consumables used (£565,000) (£185,168)
Employee benefits expense 7 (£99,423) (£84,426)
Depreciation expense 10 (£1,734) (£1,853)
Other expenses (£186,330) (£182,112)
(£852,487) (£453,559,
Operating profit 4 £36,513 £15,208
Income from group undertakings £11,231 £9,989
Interest receivable/(payable) 6 £4,022 £7,015
£15,253 _£17,004
Profit before tax £51,766 £32,212
Taxation 9 (£13,347, (£9,949)
Profit for the year £38,419 £22,263

Page 22

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2024 2023

Note 000 ‘000
Profit for the year £38,419 £22,263

Other Comprehensive (Expense)/Income:

Actuarial gain/(loss) recognised on retiree benefits 15 £8,291 (£6,364)
Deferred tax on retiree benefits 14 (£2,072) £1,591
Actuarial (loss)/gain recognised on pensions 15 (£22,833) (£55,663)
Deferred tax on pensions 14 £5,708 £13,915
(£10,906) (£46,521)
Total comprehensive income / (expense) for the year £27,513 (£24,258)

Page 23

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2024

Fixed assets
Tangible assets
Investments

Current assets
Debtors
Cash at bank and in hand

Creditors: Amounts falling due within one year

Net current assets

Total assets less current liabilities

Creditors: Amounts falling due after more than one year
Provisions for liabilities ‘

Net assets excluding pension asset

Net pension and post retirement medical benefits assey(liability)
Net assets

Capital and reserves
Called up share capital
Contributed capital

Profit and loss account

Total equity

Note

10
i

2024
‘000

£8,946
£23,182

£32,128

£527,649
£151

£527,800

(£259,813)
£267,987

£300,115
(£2,561)

(£18,014)

£279,540
£80,748

£360,288

£9,452
£93,771

£257,065
£360,288

Approved and authorised by the Board on 21 July 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

Y Nonaka
Director

Page 24

2023
000

£9,373
£23,087

£32,460

£371,583
£246

£371,829

(£128,890)
£242,939

£275,399
(£2,650)

(£21,858)

£250,891
£95,995

£346,886

£9,452
£93,771

£243,663
£346,886

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Contributed Profit and loss

Share capital Capital account Total

‘000 000 "000 "000
At 1 January 2024 £9,452 £93,771 £243,663 346,886
Profit for the year - - £38,419 38,419
Other comprehensive loss = = (£10,906) (10,906:
Total comprehensive income - - £27,513 27,513
Dividends - - (£20,000) (20,000)
Share based payment transactions 7 : £5,889 5,889
At31 December 2024 £9,452 £93,771 £257,065 360,288

Contributed Profit and loss

Share capital Capital account Total
000 ‘000 000 ‘000
At 1 January 2023 £9,452 £93,771 £283,640 386,863
Profit for the year - - £22,263 £22,263
Other comprehensive loss : - (£46,521) __ (£46,521)
Total comprehensive loss - : (£24,258) (24,258)
Dividends - - (£20,000) (20,000)
Share based payment transactions = : £4,281 4,281
At 31 December 2023 £9,452 £93,771 — £243,663 346,886

Page 25


Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

1 General information

The company is a private company limited by share capital, incorporated in United Kingdom.

The address of its registered office is:
Lilly House

Basing View

Basingstoke

Hampshire

RG21 4FA

United Kingdom

2. Accounting policies
Summary of significant accounting policies and key accounting estimates

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

Basis of preparation

These financial statements of Eli Lilly and Company Limited were approved for issue by the Board of Directors
on the date shown on the statement of financial position.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 102 'The Financial
Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland’.

Summary of disclosure exemptions

The company satisfies the criteria of being a qualifying entity under FRS102. Its financial statements are
consolidated into the financial statements of its ultimate parent, Eli Lilly and Company, which can be obtained
from the address given in note 21. As such, advantage has been taken of the following exemptions under
FRS102 for qualifying entities:

+ No cash flow statement has been presented for the company.

+ Disclosure in respect of financial instruments have not been presented.

+ No disclosure has been given for the aggregate remuneration of key personnel.

+ Exposure to and management of financial risks.

+ Related party disclosure for all wholly owned subsidiaries of Eli Lilly and Company group.

Going concern

The directors have reviewed forecast profits and cash flows, and examined the funding available to the
Company. The Company participates in the group's centralised treasury arrangements and has access to
intra-group funding if required. The directors have a reasonable expectation that the company has adequate
resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. Accordingly they continue to adopt the
going concern basis in preparing the annual report and accounts.

Page 26

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2 Accounting policies (continued)
Exemption from preparing group accounts

The company is exempt from the obligation to prepare group financial statements by virtue of section 401 of the
Companies Act 2006. Consequently these financial statements present the results of the company as an
individual undertaking and not its group.

The results of the Company are included in the consolidated financial statements of Eli Lilly and Company,
which is incorporated in the United States of America.

Revenue recognition

Revenue is recognised from sales of products at the time title of goods passes to the buyer and the buyer
assumes the risks and rewards of ownership which is when the products are dispatched. Revenue for rendering
services is recognised when the outcome of a transaction can be estimated reliably. Revenue is shown net of
Valued Added Tax. Provisions for returns, discounts, and rebates are established in the same period the related
sales are recognized. Rebates are based on the terms of arrangements with wholesalers, managed-care
organizations and government purchasers and certain market conditions. Rebates accruals are included in total
current liabilities.

Exceptional items

Eli Lilly and Company Limited disclose exceptional items separately on the income statement. Exceptional
items are material items possessing a high degree of abnormality which arise from events or transactions that
fall outside the ordinary activities of Eli Lilly and Company Limited and which do not recur. Exceptional items
do not include prior period items merely because they relate to a prior period.

Foreign currency transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the rate ruling at the date of transaction. Monetary assets and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate of exchange ruling at the balance sheet
date. All differences are taken to the profit and loss account.

Tax

The tax expense for the period comprises current tax. Tax is recognised in profit or loss, except that a change
attributable to an item of income or expense recognised as other comprehensive income is also recognised
directly in other comprehensive income.

The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of tax rates and laws that have been enacted or

substantively enacted by.the reporting date in the.countries where. the company .operates-and generates taxable--
income.

Page 27


Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Deferred taxation is recognised in respect of all timing differences that have originated but not reversed at the
balance sheet date where transactions or events have occurred at that date that will result in an obligation to pay
more, or right to pay less tax, with the following exceptions:

Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that the directors consider that it is more likely than not that
there will be suitable profits from which the future reversal of the underlying timing differences can be
deducted.

Deferred tax is measured on an undiscounted basis at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the periods in
which timing differences reverse, based on tax rates and laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
sheet date.

Tangible assets

Tangible assets are stated in the statement of financial position at cost, less any subsequent accumulated
depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses. The cost of tangible assets includes directly
attributable incremental costs incurred in their acquisition and installation. We review the carrying value and
remaining useful life of long-lived assets for potential impairment on a periodic basis and whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Impairment is
determined by comparing projected undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the asset to its carrying value. If
an impairment is identified, a loss is recorded equal to the excess of the asset’s net book value over its fair value,
and the cost basis is adjusted.

Depreciation

Depreciation is provided on all tangible fixed assets, other than freehold land and assets in the course of
construction, at rates calculated to write off the cost, less estimated residual value based on prices prevailing at
the date of acquisition, of each asset evenly over its expected useful life, as follows:

Asset class Depreciation method and rate
Freehold Buildings over 40 to 50 years

Fixtures and fittings over 40 to 50 years

Plant and equipment over 3 to 20 years

Business combinations

Business combinations (except for group. reconstructions that are accounted for using the merger accounting
method) are accounted for using the purchase method. The consideration for each acquisition is measured at the
aggregate of the fair values at acquisition date of assets given, liabilities incurred or assumed, and equity
instruments issued by the Company in exchange for control of the acquired, plus any costs directly attributable
to the business combination.

Under merger accounting, the carrying values of the assets and liabilities of the parties to the combination are

not adjusted to fair value on consolidation. Merger expenses are charged to the statement of comprehensive
Income as part of the profit or loss of the combined entity at the effective date of the group reconstruction.

Page 28


Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2 Accounting policies (continued)
Investments

Investments in group companies are stated at cost unless, in the opinion of the Directors, a permanent
diminution in the value of the investment has occurred. In these circumstances, the investment is stated at its
written down value, which is calculated by discounting pre tax future cash flows at a pre-tax discount rate and
the related impairment is charged to the income statement. An impairment review is performed annually.

Investments in equity shares which are not publicly traded and where fair value cannot be measured reliably are
measured at cost less impairment.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and cash in escrow.

Trade debtors

Trade debtors are amounts due from customers for products sold or services performed in the ordinary course of
business.

Trade debtors are recognised initially at the transaction price. They are subsequently measured at amortised cost
using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. A provision for the impairment of trade
debtors is established when there is objective evidence that the Company will not be able to collect all amounts
due according to the original terms of the receivables.

Stocks

Stocks are stated at the lower of cost and estimated selling price less costs to complete and sell. Cost is
determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method.

The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises direct materials and direct labour costs and those
overheads that have been incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. At each
reporting date, stocks are assessed for impairment. If stocks are impaired, the carrying amount is reduced to its
selling price less costs to complete and sell; the impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Trade creditors

Trade creditors are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of.
business from suppliers. Accounts payable are classified as current liabilities if the Company does not have an
unconditional right, at the end of the reporting period, to defer settlement of the creditor for at least twelve
months after the reporting date. If there is an unconditional right to defer settlement for at least twelve months.
.—...~after-the-reporting date, they-are presented-as non-current-liabilities. .-— - —- -——--- ~ vrs en i ee

Page 29

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2. Accounting policies (continued)
Borrowings

Interest-bearing borrowings are initially recorded at fair value, net of transaction costs. Interest-bearing
borrowings are subsequently carried at amortised cost, with the difference between the proceeds, net of
transaction costs, and the amount due on redemption being recognised as a charge to the income statement over
the period of the relevant borrowing.

Interest expense is recognised on the basis of the effective interest method and is included in interest payable
and similar charges.

Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the company has an unconditional right to defer settlement
of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date.

Provisions

A provision is recognised when the company has a legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event and
it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.

Leases

Leases in which substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as
operating leases. Payments made under operating leases are charged to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over
the period of the lease.

Dividends

Dividend distribution to the company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the financial statements in the
reporting period in which the dividends are declared.

1- Defined benefit pension obligation
(i) Defined Benefit Pension Scheme

The company operates a defined benefit pension scheme for certain employees. The assets of the scheme are
held separately from those of the company.

Pension scheme liabilities are measured on an actuarial basis using the projected unit credit method and are
discounted at the current rate of return on a high quality corporate bond of equivalent term and currency to the
liability. Pension scheme assets are measured using fair value at the balance sheet date.

Any pension scheme surplus is recognised, to the extent that it is recoverable, on the balance sheet. This surplus

is presented gross of deferred tax in the Financial Statements and the deferred tax relating to a surplus is
included with other deferred tax assets or liabilities.

Page 30

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2 Accounting policies (continued)

(ii) Post Retirement Medical Benefits

The company provides healthcare benefits to certain retired employees. Payments are made to beneficiaries
when claimed. The cost of the scheme and associated liabilities have been fully recognised on an actuarially
determined basis. The Projected Unit Credit Cost Method is used to determine the present value of the Projected
Benefit Obligation, the Accumulated Post retirement Benefit Obligation, and the related current service cost.
Under this method, a “projected accrued benefit” is calculated by attributing benefits on a straight line basis
over the period from the member’s date of hire until the earliest date at which the member can retire (now age
55).

Any pension scheme deficit is recognised in full on the balance sheet. The deferred tax relating to a benefit
liability is included with other deferred tax assets or liabilities.

The cost of both defined benefit plans are recognised as follows:

+ any changes in the net defined benefit liability arising as a result of plan introductions or changes are
recognised during the reporting period in profit and loss.

+ net interest on the defined benefit liability is recognised during the reporting period in profit and loss.

+ the cost of plan introductions, benefit changes, curtailments and settlements recognised during the
reporting period in profit and loss.

*  re-measurement of the net defined benefit liability is recognised in other comprehensive income.
Re-measurement comprises of any actuarial gain or loss and the return on plan assets, excluding amounts
included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability.

2 - Defined contribution pension obligation

The company also operates a defined contribution pension scheme. Contributions are recognised in the profit
and loss account in the period in which they become payable.

Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Equity instruments are measured at the fair value of the cash or other
resources received or receivable, net of the direct costs of issuing the equity instruments. If payment is deferred
and the time value of money is material, the initial measurement is on a present value basis.

Share based payments

FRS 102 section 26 ‘Share based payment’ requires the recognition of the fair value of share-based
compensation within the company’s operating expenses, and a corresponding entry is made through equity.

Share baséd payments comprise performance awards, shareholder value awards and restricted stock units; all
received in shares of the ultimate parent company Eli Lilly and Company. Grants are accounted for at the fair
value (determined using an appropriate pricing model) at the date of grant and recognised evenly over the
vesting period. Where employer national insurance liabilities arise on the issuance of share awards, this liability
is accrued.

Page 31

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Performance Awards:

PAs were granted to officers and management prior to 2024 and are payable in shares of our common stock. The
number of PA shares actually issued, if any, varied depending on the achievement of certain preestablished
earnings-per-share targets over a two-year period. PA shares were accounted for at fair value based upon the
closing stock price on the date of grant and fully vest at the end of the measurement period. The number of
shares ultimately issued for the program is dependent upon the EPS achieved during the vesting period.

Shareholder Value Awards:

SVAs are granted to officers and management and are payable in shares of our common stock. The number of
shares actually issued, if any, varies depending on our stock price at the end of the three-year vesting period
compared to pre-established target stock prices. We measure the fair value of the SVA unit on the grant date
using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The model utilizes multiple input variables that determine the
probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award grant and calculates the fair value of the
award, Expected volatilities utilized in the model are based on implied volatilities from traded options on our
stock, historical volatility of our stock price, and other factors. Similarly, the dividend yield is based on U.S.
Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.

Restricted Stock Units:

RSUs are granted to certain employees and are payable in shares of our common stock. RSU shares are
accounted for at fair value based upon the closing stock price on the date of grant. The corresponding expense is
amortized over the vesting period, typically three years. The number of shares ultimately issued for the RSU
program remains constant with the number of shares originally granted less forfeitures.

Relative Value Awards:

RVAs are granted to officers and management and are payable in shares of our common stock. The number of
shares actually issued, if any, varies depending on the growth of our stock price at the end of the three-year
vesting period compared to our peers. We measure the fair value of the RVA unit on the grant date using a
Monte Carlo simulation model. The model utilizes multiple input variables that determine the probability of
satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award grant and calculates the fair value of the award. Expected
volatilities utilized in the model are based on implied volatilities from traded options on our stock, historical
volatility of our stock price and our peers' stock price, and other factors. Similarly, the dividend yield is based
on historical experience and our estimate of future dividend yields. The risk-free interest rate is derived from the
USS. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.

Page 32

______Operating lease expense - property.

Eli Lilly and Company Limited

Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

3 Revenue

The analysis of the company's revenue

Sale of goods
Rendering of services

for the year from continuing operations is as follows:

2024
‘000

£682,932
£206,068

£889,000

The analysis of the company's turnover for the year by destination is as follows:

2024
‘000

Third party sales to United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland £682,932

Rendering of services

£206,068
£889,000

Turnover, which is stated net of value added tax, represents the revenue recognised in the period.

The sale of goods is attributable to the supply of pharmaceutical products

2023
‘000

£272,766

£196,001
___ £468,767

2023
"000

£272,766

£196,001
£468,767

The rendering of services is attributable to the performance of research and development in the UK as part of the
global research and acting as a regional office for strategic management and certain other regional activities.

4 Operating profit

Arrived at after charging/(crediting)

Auditors' remuneration (see note 8)
Depreciation expense

Research and development expenditure
Foreign exchange losses / (gains)

2024 2023
‘000 "000
£206 £191
£1,734 £1,853
£128,565 £119,819
£1,275 (£909)
— £1,

Page 33


Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

5  Directors' remuneration

The directors' remuneration for the year was as follows:

2024 2023
"000 000
Aggregate remuneration in respect of qualifying services £1,635 £1,407

During the year the number of directors who were receiving benefits and share incentives was as follows:

2024 2023

No. No.
Received or were entitled to receive shares under long term incentive
schemes 5 5
Accruing benefits under defined benefit pension scheme 2 2
In respect of the highest paid director:

2024 2023

‘000 "000
Remuneration £502 £595

The highest paid director received shares under the group's long-term incentive scheme.

6 Interest (receivable)/payable

2024 2023
‘000 "000
Interest (income)/expense on other finance liabilities (£4,079) (£7,126)
Interest payable on loans from group undertakings £57 £ill
(£4,022) (£7,015)
7 ~= Staff costs
‘The aggregate payroll costs (including directors’ remuneration) were as follows:
2024 2023
000 000
Wages and salaries £73,431 £64,737
Social security costs £8,943 £7,736
Share-based payment expenses £5,889 £4,281
Other pension costs £41,160 £7,672
£99,423 £84,426

Page 34

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

7 ~~ Staff costs (continued)

The average number of persons employed by the company (including directors) during the year, analysed by
category was as follows:

2024 2023
No. No.
Other departments 634 595
634 595
8 Auditors' remuneration
2024 2023
‘000 ‘000
Audit of the financial statements * £194 £181
Other non-audit related fees to auditors £12 £10

£206 £191

* Included in these fees are the financial statement audits of Eli Lilly Group Limited.

9 Taxation
Tax charged/(credited) in the income statement

2024 2023

‘000 ‘000
Current taxation
UK corporation tax £13,099 £6,730
UK corporation tax adjustment to prior periods £456 £401

£13,555 £7,131
Deferred taxation
Arising from origination and reversal of timing differences (£208) £2,818
Tax expense in the income statement £13,347 £9,949
Other Comprehensive Income deferred taxation: — —_ — — _

Actuarial gain/(loss) on post employment benefits (£3,636) (£15,506)

Page 35


Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

, 9 Taxation (continued)

The tax on profit before tax for the year is higher than the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK (2023 -
higher than the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK) of 25% (2023 - 23.5%). The Finance Act 2021 which
was substantively enacted in June 2021 included provisions to increase the rate of corporation tax in financial
year 2023 from 19% to 25%.

The 2024 UK corporation tax adjustment to prior period resulted from a (£90,000) difference in the 2023
Statutory tax calculation versus final 2023 tax filing, and a (£366,000) differnce in 2022 Statutory tax
calculations versus final 2022 tax liability.

The 2023 UK corporation tax adjustment to prior period resulted from a (£565,000) difference in the 2022

Statutory tax calculation versus final 2022 tax filing, and a £164,000 difference in 2021 Statutory tax
calculations versus final 2021 tax liability.

The differences are reconciled below:

2024 2023

‘000 "000
Profit before tax £51,766 £32,212
Corporation tax at standard rate of 25.00% (2023: 23.50%) £12,942 £7,570
Effect of expense not deductible in determining taxable profit/(tax loss) (£51) £478
Increase/(decrease) in UK and foreign current tax from adjustment for
prior periods £456 £401
Tax increase (decrease) from effect of unrelieved tax losses carried
forward - £1,459
Tax increase/(decrease) from changes in pension fund - £41
Total tax charge £13,347 £9,949

Included in the 2024 'Effect of expense not deductible in determining taxable profit (and loss)’ are the following
expenses: capital assets, share based payments and entertainment costs.

Pillar Two legislation

Effective 1 January 2024, the Group/ Company is subject to Pillar Two legislation enacted in jurisdictions in
which it operates. The Group has performed an assessment of the Company’s potential exposure to Pillar Two
income taxes. The assessment is based on the most recent information available regarding the financial
performance of the constituent entities in the Group. Based on the assessment performed, the Pillar Two
effective tax rates are above 15% for the UK companies and the transitional safe harbour relief applies.
Management is currently not aware of any circumstances under which this might change. Therefore, the
Company does not expect a potential exposure to Pillar Two top up taxes.

Page 36

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

10 Tangible assets

Fixture Plant
& &
Fittings Machinery cIp Total
‘000 "000 ‘000 "000

Cost
As at | January 2023 £6,798 £8,604 £536 £15,938
Additions - £314 £173 £487
At 31 December 2023 £6,798 £8,918 £709 £16,425
Depreciation
As at | January 2023 £1,092 £4,107 - £5,199
Provided during the year £573 £1,280 : £1,853
At 31 December 2023 £1,665 £5,387 __ £7,052
Net Book Value
NBV | January 2023 £5,706 £4,497 £536 £10,739
NBV 31 December 2023 £5,133 £3,531 £709 £9,373

Fixtures Plant

& &
Fittings Machinery ciP Total
"000 "000 "000 ‘000

Cost
As at January 2024 £6,798 £8,918 £709 £16,425
Additions £44 £740 £523 £1,307
At31 December 2024 £6,842 £9,658 £1,232 £17,732
Depreciation
As at | January 2024 £1,665 £5,387 - £7,052
Provided during the year £574 £1,160 : £1,734
At31 December 2024 £2,239, £6,547 > £8,786
Net Book Value
NBV | January 2024 £5,133 £3,531 £709 £9,373
NBV 31 December 2024 £4,603 £3,111 £1,232 £8,946

Page 37


Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

11. Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates

Venture Subsidiary
Capital Undertakings Total
‘000 000 000
1 January 2023 £15,912 £8,228 £24,140
Investments made during the year £1,341 - £1,341
Distributions made during the year (£2,394) : (£2,394)
31 December 2023 £14,859 £8,228 £23,087
1 January 2024 £14,859 £8,228 £23,087
Investments made during the year £590 - £590
Distributions made during the year (£495) : (£495)
31 December 2024 £14,954 £8,228 £23,182

Venture Capital Funds

Eli Lilly & Company Limited further invested in Dementia Discover LP during the year, a venture capital fund which invests
in the research and treatment for dementia. The company also holds an investment in Epidarex Capital I] LP, a venture
capital fund which invests in early stage life science companies. The investments are held at cost and Lilly have agreed a cap
regarding future commitments. There were no cost adjustments relating to venture capital during 2024 or 2023.

Details of undertakings

Details of the investments in which the company holds 20% or more of the nominal value of any class of share

capital are as follows:

Country of Proportion of voting rights
Undertaking incorporation Holding and shares held
2024 2023

Subsidiary undertakings

Lilly Industries Limited * United Kingdom Ordinary 100% 100%
Share Capital

Eli Lilly Leasing Limited * United Kingdom Ordinary 100% 100%
Share Capital

Greenfield Pharmaceuticals Limited * United Kingdom Ordinary 100% 100%
Share Capital

Lilly Research Centre Limited * United Kingdom Ordinary 100% 100%
Share Capital

* The subsidiaries have no trading activities. Apart from the amounts loaned, without any terms specified, to Eli Lilly

& Company Limited, the subsidiaries have no other assets and liabilities.

Page 38

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

12 Debtors

2024 2023

"000 "000
Trade debtors £239,572 £75,228
Other debtors £1,421 £289
Prepayments £3,123 £869
Other Assets £3,942 £1,589
Income tax asset £1,407 £2,676
Amounts owed by group undertakings - Trade £44,813 £32,305
Amounts owed by group undertakings - Non Trade £233,371 £258,627
Total current trade and other debtors ___ £527,649 ._£371,583

Included within "Amounts owed by group undertakings - Non Trade" is £233,370,705 (2023 - £258,626,710)
receivable balance from Lilly Nederland Finance pooling agreement which bears interest in 2024 at a rate equal
to the 1 month USD Bloomberg fallback rate uplifted or less by a fixed spread to be updated annually effective
February Ist of each year. Prior to 1st July 2023, the pooling agreement bears interest of 1 month LIBOR rate
uplifted or less by a fixed spread, updated annually effective February Ist of each year. LIBOR rates were
discontinued after 30 June 2023. Effective February 1, 2025, the pooling agreement bears interest of 1 month
SONIA (GBP) and SOFR (USD) rate uplifted or less by a fixed spread, updated annually éffective February Ist
of each year.

13 Creditors

2024 2023

‘000 "000
Due within one year
Trade creditors £39,948 £29,309
Social security and other taxes £2,308 £2,138
Other payables £19,810 £15,647
Accrued expenses £57,877 £46,898
Amounts owed to group undertakings - Trade £134,621 £29,649
Amounts owed to group undertakings - Non Trade £5,249 £5,249

£259,813 £128,890
Due after one year

Liabilities under disability scheme . oe £449 —-£538,
Loans and borrowings £2,112

£2,561 £2,650

Page 39

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

14 Deferred tax and other provisions

Provision for liabilities and charges

Provision for deferred taxation

The movements in deferred taxation during the current year are as

follows:

At | January

Charge for the year

Amounts credited to other comprehensive income
At 31 December

Full provision has been made for deferred taxation at (2024: 25%, 2023:

25%) as follows:

Capital allowances in advance of depreciation
Intrinsic value of share based payments

Other short term timing differences

Pension

Total provisions for liabilities and charges

Page 40

2024
000

£18,014

£21,858
(£208)

(£3,636)
£18,014

(£753)
(£1,420)
(£6,125)

2023
"000
£21,858

£34,546
£2,818

(£15,506)
£21,858

(£1,017)
(£1,124)
(£8,175)

£32,174
£21,858

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

15 Pension and other schemes
Defined contribution pension scheme

The company operates a defined contribution pension scheme. The pension cost charge for the year represents ,
contributions payable by the company to the scheme and amounted to £3,650,000 (2023: £2,970,000).

Defined benefit pension schemes

Eli Lilly and Company Limited operates two pension schemes:

i) Eli Lilly Group Pension Plan (main plan)
ii) Supplementary Pension Plan (top-up scheme).

In the following note the details for both schemes are displayed separately but in the Statement of
Comprehensive Income and Statement of Financial Position both schemes are combined for presentational
purposes.

E\i Lilly Group Pension Plan

The company operates a defined benefit pension scheme for certain employees. The assets of the scheme are
held separately from those of the company.

Pension scheme liabilities are measured on an actuarial basis using the projected unit credit method and are
discounted at the current rate of return on a high quality corporate bond of equivalent term and currency to the
liability. Pension scheme assets are measured using fair values at the balance sheet date.

Asset allocations are intended to achieve a total asset return target over the long term. Expected rates of return
detailed below are based on historical data and future long-term expectations. The assumed rate of return on
pension scheme assets is consistent with the scheme’s long-term investment return objective.

The date of the most recent comprehensive actuarial valuation was 0] January 2023. The membership data used

for this valuation, updated to reflect the impact of the recent curtailments, has also been used to calculate the 31
December 2024 benefit obligations for the Plan set out in this report.

The total cost relating to defined benefit scheme for the year recognised in profit or loss as an expense was
£847,000 (2023 - £(1,726,000)).

Reconciliation of scheme assets and liabilities to assets and liabilities recognised

~Fhe-amounts-recognised-in-the-balance’sheet-are‘as follows: — a

2024 2023
‘000 ‘000
Fair value of scheme assets £1,035,048 £1,180,595
Present value of scheme liabilities (£921,000) (£1,042,000)
Defined benefit pension scheme surplus £114,048 £138,595

Page 41


Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

15 Pension and other schemes (continued)

Defined benefit obligation
Changes in the defined benefit obligation are as follows:

Present value at start of year
Current service cost

Interest cost

Benefits paid
Remeasurement of DBO
Present value at end of year

Fair value of scheme assets
Changes in the fair value of scheme assets are as follows:

Fair value at start of year

Interest income

Retum on plan assets, excluding amounts included in interest income
Employer contributions

Benefits paid

Administrative costs paid

Fair value at end of year

Return on scheme assets

Return on scheme assets

£1,035.

2024

"000
£1,042,000
£5,800
£46,184
(£43,000)
(£129,984)

£921,000

2024

000
£1,180,595
£52,137
(£153,684)
(£43,000)
(£1,000)
8

2024
000

(£101,547)

2023

‘000
£1,022,000
£6,100
£47,861
(£41,000)
£7,039

£1,042,000

2023

‘000
£1,213,403
£56,686
(£48,494)
£1,000
(£41,000)
(£1,000)

£1,180,595

2023
‘000

£8,192

The pension scheme has not invested in any of the company's own financial instruments or in properties or other

assets used by the company.

Page 42

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

15 Pension and other schemes (continued)

Recognised in the Income Statement

2024 2023

000 "000
Current service cost £5,800 £6,100
Net interest on net defined benefit liability / (asset) (£5,953) (£8,826)
Defined benefit cost recognised in the Income Statement (£153) (£2,726
Administration costs £1,000 £1,000
Cost recognised in the Income Statement £847 (El 5726)
Recognised in Other Comprehensive Income

2024 2023

"000 "000
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising during period (£129,984) £7,039
Return on plan assets £153,684 £48,494
Remeasurement effects recognised in OCI £23,700 £55,533

Principal actuarial assumptions
The principal actuarial assumptions at the statement of financial position date are as follows:

2024 2023
. % %
Discount rate 5.50 4.50
Future salary increases 3.70 3.50
Price Inflation (RPI) 3.25 3.15
Price Inflation (CPI) 2.85 2.65
Pension increases for in-payment benefits - RPI capped at 5% 3.10 3.05
Pension increases for deferred benefits - CPI capped at 5% 2.85 2.65

Post retirement mortality assumptions

110% of S3PMA_L and 98% of S3PFA_L mortality tables for males and females respectively for pre-retirement and
post-retirement.

Page 43


Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

15 Pension and other schemes (continued)

ii) Supplementary Scheme

This is a top-up pension scheme for certain employees and is managed separately to the main pension plan. The
supplementary scheme is based on the same assumptions as those used for the main pension plan.

Reconciliation of scheme assets and liabilities to assets and liabilities recognised
The amounts recognised in the balance sheet are as follows:

2024 2023

‘000 ‘000
Present value of defined benefit obligation (£8,800) (£9,900)
Recognised in the Income Statement

2024 2023

‘000 ‘000
Current Service Cost - £50
Net interest on net defined benefit liability £431 £457
Defined benefit cost recognised in the Income Statement £431 £507
Cost recognised in the Income Statement £431 £507
Recognised in Other Comprehensive Income

2024 2023

"000 ‘000
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising during period (£867) £130
Remeasurement effects recognised in OCI (£867) £130
Defined benefit obligation
Changes in the defined bencfit obligation are as follows:

2024 2023

"000 "000
Present value at start of year £9,900 £9,900
Current service cost - £50
Interest cost £431 £457
Actuarial loss/(gain) (£867) £130
Benefits paid (£664)

Present value at end of year £8,800

Page 44


Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

15 _ Pension and other schemes (continued)

Principal actuarial assumptions
The principal actuarial assumptions are the same as for the main plan detailed above.

Post Retirement Medical Benefits

Employees and former employees who joined before | January 1997 are provided with post retirement benefits in the
form of cover for medical costs. The net present value of the liability is assessed with the advice of independent
qualified actuaries.

The total cost/(gain) relating to the post retirement medical benefit schemes for the year recognised in profit or
loss as an expense was £1,513,000 (2023 - £1,270,000), which includes current service cost, interest cost and net
loss/(gain) amortisation during the period.

Reconciliation of scheme assets and liabilities to assets and liabilities recognised

The amounts recognised in the balance sheet are as follows:
2024 2023
000 ‘000

Present value of scheme liabilities £24,500) (£32,700)

Defined benefit obligation
Changes in the defined benefit obligation are as follows:

2024 2023

‘000 000
Present value at start of year £32,700 £26,200
Current service cost £70 £50
Interest cost £1,443 £1,220
Actuarial (gain) (£8,291) £6,364
Benefits paid (£1,422) (£1,134)
Present value at end of year —__ £24,500 £32,700

cas’ fi 2024 2023

Recognised in the Income Statement “000 ‘000
Current service cost £70 £50
Net interest on net defined benefit liability £1,443 £1,220
Defined benefit cost recognised in the Income Statement £1,513 £1,270
Cost/gain recognised in the Income Statement : £1,513 £1,270

Page 45

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

15 Pension and other schemes (continued)

a a 2024 2023
Recognised in Other Comprehensive Income “00 ‘Oop
Actuarial loss/(gain) arising during the period (£8,291) £6,364
Remeasurement effects recognised in OCI (£8,291) £6,364
Principal actuarial assumptions
The principal actuarial assumptions at the statement of financial position date are as follows:

2024 2023
% %
Discount rate for ABPO 5.50 4.50
Rate of increase in healthcare costs 6.85 6.65
16 Share capital
Authorised, allotted, called up and fully paid shares
2024 2023
No. 000 £000 No. 000 £000
Ordinary shares of £1 each 9,452 9,452 9,452 9,452
17 Obligations under leases and hire purchase contracts
Operating leases
The total of future minimum lease payments is as follows:
2024 2023
‘000 "000
Not later than one year £4,373 £3,217
Later than one year and not later than five years £13,226 £10,112
Later than five years £7,243 £9,447
£24,842 £22,776

The amount of non-cancellable operating lease payments recognised as an expense during the year was £Nil

(2023 - £Nil).

Page 46

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

18 Share-based payments

FRS 102 section 26 ‘Share based payment’ requires the recognition of the fair value of share-based
compensation within the company’s operating expenses. Share based payments comprise performance awards,
shareholder value awards and restricted stock units and are all received in shares of the ultimate parent company
Eli Lilly and Company.

Performance Awards

PAs were granted to officers and management prior to 2024 and are payable in shares of our common stock. The
number of PA shares actually issued, if'any, varied depending on the achievement of certain preestablished
earmings-per-share targets over a two-year period. PA shares were accounted for at fair value based upon the closing
stock price on the date of grant and fully vest at the end of the measurement period. The fair values of PAs granted for
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were, $335.86 and $234.93, respectively. The number of shares
ultimately issued for the PA program is dependent upon the EPS achieved during the vesting period. As of December
31, 2024, there was no remaining unrecognised compensation cost related to PAs, as we discontinued the program.
Approximately zero performance awards were granted in 2024 ( 2023:5,674).

Shareholder Value Awards

SVAs are granted to officers and management and are payable in shares of our common stock. The number of shares
actually issued, if any, varies depending on our stock price at the end of the three-year vesting period compared to
pre-established target stock prices. We measure the fair value of the SVA unit on the grant date using a Monte Carlo
simulation model. The model utilizes multiple input variables that determine the probability of satisfying the market
condition stipulated in the award grant and calculates the fair value of the award. Expected volatilities utilised in the
model are based on implied volatilities from traded options on our stock, historical volatility of our stock price, and
other factors. Similarly, the dividend yield is based on U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The
weighted-average fair values of the SVA units granted during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
were $1,030.87, $349.63, and $203.88,respectively. The following assumptions were used to calculate the fair values:

2024 2023
Expected dividend yield 0.70% 1.07%
Risk-free interest rate 4.26 4.08
Volatility 28.64 29.87

Approximately 1,430 shareholder value awards were granted in 2024 (2023: 2,721).

Restricted Stock Units

RSUs are granted to certain employees and are payable in shares of our common stock. RSU shares are accounted for
at fair value based upon the closing stock price on the date of grant. The corresponding expense is amortized over the

December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 were $749.74, $339.30, and $239.88, respectively. The number of shares
ultimately issued for the RSU program remains constant with the number of shares originally granted less forfeitures.
Approximately 15,821 restricted stock units were granted in 2024 ( 2023: 10,944).

Page 47

Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Relative Value Award Program

RVAs are granted to officers and management and are payable in shares of our common stock. The number of
shares actually issued, if any, varies depending on the growth of our stock price at the end of the three-year
vesting period compared to our peers. We measure the fair value of the RVA unit on the grant date using a
Monte Carlo simulation model. The model utilizes multiple input variables that determine the probability of
satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award grant and calculates the fair value of the award. Expected
volatilities utilised in the model are based on implied volatilities from traded options on our stock, historical
volatility of our stock price and our peers’ stock price, and other factors. Similarly, the dividend yield is based
on historical experience and our estimate of future dividend yields. The risk-free interest rate is derived from the
US. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The weighted-average fair value of the RVA units
granted during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were $1,106.40, $397.95, and $230.00,
respectively, determined using the following assumptions: Approximately 90 relative value award units were
granted during year ended December 31, 2024 (2023: Nil).

2024 2023
Expected dividend yield 0.70% 1.07%
Risk-free interest rate 4.26 4.08
Volatility 27.69 31.25

Approximately 90 relative value award units were granted during year ended December 31, 2024 (2023: Nil).

The total expense recognised in the income statement for the year ended 31 December 2024 is £5,889,000 (2023:
£4,281,000).

19 Commitments
Capital commitments

The total amount contracted for but not provided in the financial statements was £863,000 (2023: £158,000).

20 Contingent liabilities

The company has an uncommitted £1,000,000 Bilateral bank Guarantee facility dated 01 October 2014 for
issuance of bonds, guarantees and indemnity umbrella limit to allow Eli Lilly and Company Limited to add
Customs Duty Deferment Guarantee. To date the company has issued £600,000.

Page 48


Eli Lilly and Company Limited
Registration No: 00284385

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

21 ‘Parent and ultimate parent undertaking

The company's immediate parent is Eli Lilly Group Limited, incorporated in United Kingdom.
The ultimate parent is Eli Lilly and Company, incorporated in United States of America.

These financial statements are available upon request from the consolidated financial statements of Eli Lilly and
Company are those of the smallest and largest group of which the company is a member and for which
consolidated financial statement are prepared. The consolidated financial statements can be obtained from Eli
Lilly and Company, Lilly Corporate Centre, Indianapolis, Indiana, USA.

The company has utilised the exemption under Section 33 of Financial Reporting Standard 102 whereby a
subsidiary undertaking does not have to disclose transactions with other entities that are wholly owned
subsidiaries of the Eli Lilly & Company Group.

22 Subsequent events

On 21 July 2025 the company declared a dividend for £20,000,000 to be paid on 1 August 2025.

On 21 July 2025, the company entered into a Grant Agreement with the Department for Science, Innovation and
Technology, and have committed up to £35 million as part of this agreement. The funding will be provided as
part of a competition with NHS Healthcare Organisations to pilot and evaluate innovative models of care for
obesity, with the goal of building a strong evidence base for effective obesity care in the UK.

Page 49
