Galderma (U.K.) Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Registered number 00715401
31 December 2024

wt

i

*AE14ZORI

wt

COMPANIES HOUSE

lh

THURSDAY

69

Contents

Strategic report

Directors’ report

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Profit and Loss Account and Other Comprehensive Income

Balance Sheet

Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes

Galderma (U.K) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Strategic report

Principal activities
The principal activity of the company continues to be the distribution of dermatological and skin care products.

Business review

As at 31 December 2024, the company is a subsidiary undertaking of Galderma Pharma SA. The ultimate controlling
party is Galderma Group AG, a company listed on the SIX Swiss Stock Exchange. Significant shareholders of
Galderma Group AG are disclosed on the website of SIX Exchange Regulation (www.ser-ag.com). The smallest group
in which the results of the company are consolidated is that headed by Galderma Pharma SA, incorporated in
Switzerland.

The company continues to establish itself within the marketplace and is successful in adapting to the changing
environment within which it operates.

Turnover increased from £94,889k in 2023 to £120,003k in 2024 primarily driven by strong growth of the company’s
Aesthetics and Consumer business units. The growth in turnover was supported by the launch of the Irish Branch
which started trading in January 2024 and generated turnover of £7,481k in 2024 (2023: nil). Gross margin for the
year decreased from 32% in 2023 to 31% in 2024 due to increase in cost of goods sold. Operating profit margin
increased from 2.4% in 2023 to 3.1% in 2024 due to measured sales & marketing expenses while managing other
operating expenses. Stock levels for key product lines have increased from £17,766k in 2023 to £26,170k in 2024 to
support the sales growth across the UK and Irish Market.

In 2025, the company expects to continue to drive sales through the existing portfolio, complemented by new and
recent product launches in 2025.

Key business risks and uncertainties

The company’s activities expose it to various types of risk in the normal course of business. Management personnel
of the company monitors and discusses these risks on a regular basis, The following is not intended as a comprehensive
summary of all risks.

Legislation and Regulatory

Legislation or regulatory changes affecting, amongst other things, changes in accounting standards, tax laws,
pharmaceutical product pricing, reimbursement, or access. For instance, The VPAG (Voluntary scheme for branded
medicines pricing, access and growth) rate can be unpredictable.

Price risk
The company is a distributor of Galderma S.A. and purchases products for distribution in its territory from Galderma
S.A. The price list is provided by Galderma S.A. and discussed on an annual basis. Additionally, if the net operating
margin of the company is lower than an arm’s length range, Galderma S.A. will compensate the company in such way
that the net operating margin will be at arm’s length. As such, the company is not exposed to any price risk.

Interest rate
Interest rate risk is present as the company has a cash-pooling facility in place with Galderma Holding SA which is
based on SONIA (Sterling Over-Night Index Average) interest benchmark.

Credit risk
Exposure takes the form of customers and amounts owed by group undertakings who may not meet their obligation
to agreed terms; the maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of trade receivables and
amounts owned by group undertakings on the balance sheet.

Supply risk
Inability to maintain continuity of product supply due to supply chain disruptions. The company has increased its
stock levels in 2024 due to growth and further efforts to mitigate supply risks to £26,170k (2023: £17,766k).

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Strategic report (Cont.)

Liquidity and cash flow risk

As at 31 December 2024 the company has nil cash in hand and at bank (2023: nil). An amount of £10,829k (2023:
£8,196k) sits in a cash pooling account, which is recognised as a receivable. The company can overdraw the cash
pooling facility up to £4,650k. The directors do not foresee liquidity problems in the short term.

Key performance indicators

The board monitors the progress in implementing its strategy by reference to a suite of key performance indicators.
The key financial metrics for the Company are provided in the table below:

2024 [2023 YoY Change in %
Sales 120,003 [94,889 +26%
(Operating Margin 3.1% [2.4% +0.7ppts
Shareholders Equity 13,309 [9,213 +44%

Turnover
Sales have increased 26% year on year as a result of strong growth of our Aesthetics and Consumer businesses, driven
by the gain of new customers, expansion of the company’s distribution and new product launches. The prescription
business delivered strong performance despite continued high VPAG rate in 2024.

Operating Margin
Operating Margin for the year increased to 3.1% due to measured investments to expand the company’s market
position in the UK & Ireland.

Section 172 Statement

Section 172(1) of the Companies Act 2006 requires the board of directors of the company (the “Board”) to act in the
way that the directors consider, in good faith, would most likely promote the success of the company for the benefit
of its members as a whole, and in doing so have a regard (amongst other matters) to:

+ the likely consequences of any decisions in the long-term;
+ the interests of the company’s employees;

+ the need to foster the company’s business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

+ the impact of the company’s operations on the community and environment;

+’ the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and
+ the need to act fairly between members of the company.

When executing the company’s strategy and making decisions, the Board acts in a way that the directors consider, in
good faith, is most likely to promote the success of the company for the benefit of its members, whilst also considering
the broad range of other stakeholders impacted by its business.

The Board considers the company’s key stakeholders to include its workforce, its patients/customers/consumers,
healthcare providers, healthcare professionals, retail partners, regulators, industry associations, payers, suppliers and
distributors. The Board takes seriously the needs, concerns, and views of these stakeholders in setting and
implementing compliant strategy. By considering the company’s purpose, vision and values together with its strategic
priorities, and by having a process in place for decision making, the Board aims to make sure that decisions are
consistent and appropriate in all circumstances.

The Board delegates authority for day-to-day management of the company’s business and stakeholder engagement to
the UK Senior Leadership Team, relevant functions and committees and engages management in setting, approving
and overseeing the execution of business strategy and reviewing key risks, stakeholder-related matters, governance,
compliance and legal matters.

Board meetings are held periodically at which the directors will consider the company’s activities and will receive
reports on company matters including financial and operational performance. For example, each year the Board
assesses the strength of the company’s balance sheet and future prospects relative to market uncertainties and makes
decisions about the payment of dividends.

Galderma (UK.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Strategic report (Cont.)

Section 172 Statement (Cont.)

The Board considers that the Strategic Report highlights those particular risks and opportunities that were of strategic
importance to the company consistent with the size and complexity of the company overall. In addition and of note:

In June 2024, the company published a joint Modem Slavery Act Statement for financial year ended 31
December 2023 in response to the requirements of Section 54 of the Modern Slavery Act 2015. This
statement outlines the company’s policies and efforts to mitigate the risks of slavery and human trafficking
throughout the company’s business and supply chain (https://www.galderma.com/uk/contact-us).

- Throughout 2024, the company remained a member of The Proprietary Association of Great Britain (PAGB).

- Throughout 2024, the company continued to operate a hybrid working model with a mix of office based and
remote working. Employees were kept informed of performance and strategy throughout 2024 through
regular presentations and updates from members of UK Senior Leadership Team including periodic
organisational level “Town Hall” meetings (held both remotely and face-to-face) plus regular email bulletins
and updates.

Galderma’s ‘Speak Up Program’ continues to provide a way for employees of the company to report
misconduct that may harm the reputation and the success of Galderma. Reports to Galderma’s Integrity
Reporting Hotline may be made anonymously and are kept confidential to the extent permitted by local law.
The Board recognises that the continued success of Galderma and its affiliates depends on the open
communication of concems by directors, officers, and employees without fear of retaliation.

- The company established a branch in the Republic of Ireland in preparation for the long-term compliant
GDP supply of medicinal products into the Irish market following the expiry of temporary ‘post-Brexit’
derogations granted from certain obligations concerning medicinal products for human use made available
in the United Kingdom in respect of Ireland. The Irish Branch started trading in January 2024.

- In line with our commitment to promoting the long-term success of the company, the go-to-market strategy
has been evaluated within the aesthetics segment. As part of this strategic review, the company has entered
into agreements with additional distributors to enhance the company’s market reach and expand access to a
broader range of Healthcare professionals (HCPs). This approach not only strengthens the company’s market
presence but also reduces risk associated with customer concentration, aligning with the interests of our
stakeholders and ensuring sustainable growth.

On the basis of the above, the Board considers, both individually and together, that they have acted in a way they
consider, in good faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the company for the benefit of its members as
a whole (having regard to the stakeholders and matters set out in s172(1)(a-f) of the Companies Act 2006) in the
decisions taken during the financial year ended 31 December 2024.

By order of the board
Docusigned by:
Fup vow Moos
TeASABAETOUSO,
Felix von Moos Evergreen House North
Director Grafton Place
London
NWI 2DX
15 April 2025

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Directors’ report

Proposed dividend

Dividend paid during the year was £Nil (2023.£Nil).

The directors have proposed a final ordinary dividend in respect of the current financial year of £1,000k (2023: £Nil).
This has not been included within creditors as it was not approved before the year end.

Directors
The directors who held office during the year were as follows:
T. Dittrich

R. Wipperich

F. von Moos

Political donations
The company made no political contributions during the year (2023: £nil).

Streamlined Energy and Carbon Report (SECR)
Quantification and report methodology
Electricity consumption is based on invoice records, transactional data from Allstar fuel is used to calculate fuel usage

of company cars for business use in the reporting period 1* January 2024 to 31* December 2024. Guidelines in 2024
UK Government's Conversion Factors have been used for Company Reporting.

2024 GHG Emissions: consumption Emission
Scope 1: Transport ~ company vehicles 95,310 KWhh 05.83 CO2€
Scope 2: Purchased electricity — location based 26,994 KW/h 05.53 CO2e
TOTAL 122,304 KW/h 11.36 tCO2e
Intensity ratio — tonnes of CO2e per million pounds of turnover 0.00

2023 GHG Emissions:

Electricity consumption is based on invoice records, transactional data from Allstar fuel is used to calculate fuel usage
of company cars for business use in the reporting period 1" January 2023 to 31" December 2023. Guidelines in 2023
UK Government's Conversion Factors have been used for Company Reporting.

GHG Emissions: consumption Emission
Scope 1: Transport — company vehicles 61,602 KW/h 03.76 tCO2e
Scope 2: Purchased electricity — location based 28,038 KWhh 05.75 tCO2e
TOTAL 89,640 KW/h 09.51 tCO2e
Intensity ratio — tonnes of CO2e per million pounds of tunover 0.10
Intensity Ratio

The intensity ratio is total gross emissions in metric tonnes CO2e per total million pound (£m) turnover. The tumover
relates to UK and Ireland operations. This financial metric is considered the most relevant to the company’s energy
consuming activities and provides a comparison of performance over time and across different organisations and
‘sectors.

Energy-efficiency actions taken
The company has 70% of its company cars with low emission <60g/km hybrid or electric models in 2024 as this has
less impact on the environment and results in reduced car running costs. The company focuses its environmental

sustainability agenda on well-defined areas where the company can make a difference now and in the future, Overall,

6

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

the company is evaluating reducing its operating footprints, including, but not limited, through obtaining carbon
neutral certifications,

Going Concern

As at 31 December 2024, the company had cash and cash equivalents of £0 and a cash pooling balance of £10,829k
with the Group, which provide enough funds to meet the foreseeable needs of the company. The company has a
resilient balance sheet position, with net current assets of £12,949k as at 31 December 2024, having made a profit of
£3,464k,

The directors have prepared cashflow forecasts up until April 2026, taking into account the company’s current
financial and trading position, the principal risks and uncertainties and the strategic plans that are reviewed at least
annually by the Board. For going concern purposes, the period of assessment covers the period of at least 12 months
from the date of approval of these financial statements. The Cash forecast incorporated downside scenarios which
assumed changes in market growth rate, increased competition with adverse impact on the company’s ability to win
new customers, price elasticity and impacts from parallel imports. As mitigating actions, the directors have assumed
achievable reductions in expenditure such as marketing and admin expenses, reduction of inventory purchases and the
utilization of the group cash pooling facility. In addition, if in such downside scenario the net operating margin at year
end would be below an arm’s length range, based on the distribution agreement between the company and Galderma
SA, the company would be compensated by Galderma SA in a way that the net operating margin of the company will
be at arm’s length.

Noting the considerable financial resources available to the company, alongside the company’s access to Galderma’s
global cash pooling arrangement, the directors have a reasonable expectation that the company have adequate
resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future, covering a period of at least 12 months from
the issue of the financial statements. Therefore, they have prepared the financial statements on a going concer basis.

Directors’ indemnity insurance
The Company has maintained throughout the year directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for the benefit of the
company, the directors and its officers, subject to the conditions set out in the Companies Act 2006. Such arrangements
remain in force as at the date of approving the Directors’ Report.

Disclosure of information to auditors

The directors who held office at the date of approval of this directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each
aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the company’s auditor is unaware; and each director has taken
all the steps that he ought to have taken as a director to make himself aware of any relevant audit information and to
establish that the company’s auditor is aware of that information.

Auditor

Pursuant to section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and KPMG LLP
will therefore continue in office.

By order of the board
Docustnad by:
Fue vow Moos
TeARAMFTOUASO
Felix von Moos Evergreen House North
Director Grafton Place
London
15 April 2025
NW1 2DX

Galderma (U.K) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES IN RESPECT OF THE STRATEGIC REPORT,
THE DIRECTORS’ REPORT AND THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report, Strategic Report, the Directors’ Report and the financial
statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have
elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK
Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 102 The Firiancial Reporting Standard applicable in the
UK and Republic of Ireland.

‘Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a
true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the company for that period. In
preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
© make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

= state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures
disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

* assess the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern; and

© use the going concer basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company and
enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for
such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are
reasonably open to them to safeguard the assets of the company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF GALDERMA
(U.K.) LIMITED

Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Galderma (U.K.) Limited (“the company”) for the year ended 31

December 2024 which comprise the Profit and Loss Account and Comprehensive Income, Balance Sheet, Statement
of Changes in Equity and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

© — give a true and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs as at 31 December 2024 and of its profit for the year
then ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 102 The Financial
Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland; and

© have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable
law. Our responsibilities are described below, We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and are independent
of the company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that
the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concem basis as they do not intend to liquidate the
company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the company’s financial position means that this
is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt
over its ability to continue as a going concer for at least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements
(‘the going concern period”).

In our evaluation of the directors’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the company’s business mode! and
analysed how those risks might affect the company’s financial resources or ability to continue operations over the
going concern period.

Our conclusions based on this work:

© we consider that the directors’. use of the going concer basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
statements is appropriate;

* we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material uncertainty related
to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to
continue as a going concern for the going concern period.

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in outcomes that
are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the above conclusions are not a
guarantee that the company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatements due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions that could

indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. Our risk assessment

procedures included:

© Enquiring of directors and inspection of policy documentation as to the Company’s high-level policies and
procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as well as whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged
fraud.

© Reading Board minutes.

Galderma (U.K) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF
GALDERMA (U.K.) LIMITED (CONTINUED)

© Considering remuneration incentive schemes and performance targets for management / directors.

© Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications of fraud
throughout the audit.

As required by auditing standards, and taking into account our overall knowledge of the control environment, we
perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls and the risk of fraudulent revenue
recognition, in particular:

© the risk that revenue from sale of products occurring around the year-end is overstated through recording revenues
in the wrong period; and

© the risk that management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting entries.

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.

In determining the audit procedures, we took into account the results of our evaluation of the Company-wide fraud
risk management controls.

We performed procedures including:

© Identifying journal entries and other adjustments to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries
to supporting documentation. These included revenue and cash journals with unusual pairings, journals posted by
unexpected users and post-closing journal entries.

© Testing a sample of revenue transactions to supporting documentation to assess whether revenue had been
recorded in the correct period.

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial
statements from our general commercial and sector experience and through discussion with the directors and other
management (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with the directors and other management the policies
and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any indications of non-
compliance throughout the audit.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including financial
reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits legislation and taxation legislation,
and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on the related
financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of non-compliance
could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for instance through the imposition
of fines or litigation or the loss of the Company’s license to operate. We identified the following areas as those most
likely to have such an effect: Health and Safety, Anti-bribery, Employment and Social Security Legislations, Data
Protection, Environmental Protection Legislation, Food and Drugs Administration, foreign corrupt practices,
regulations from Department of Health and Social care and regulations issued by the Medicines and Healthcare
Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA). Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify

10

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF
GALDERMA (U.K.) LIMITED (CONTINUED) :

non-compliance with these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and other management and inspection of
regulatory and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore, if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or
evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected some material
misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and performed our audit in
accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-compliance with laws and regulations is
from the events and transactions reflected in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures
required by auditing standards would identify it.

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as fraud may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are
designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot
be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

Strategic report and directors’ report

The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors’ report. Our opinion on the financial statements
does not cover those reports and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider whether, based on
our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the financial
statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors’ report;

‘© in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the financial
Statements; and

© inour opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from
branches not visited by us; or

© the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
© certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

© we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in these respects.

Directors’ responsibilities

As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 8, the directors are responsible for: the preparation of the
financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such internal control as they determine
is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error; assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the company
or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Be

Galderma (U.K,) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF
GALDERMA (U.K.) LIMITED (CONTINUED)

Auditor’s responsibilities

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK)
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at

fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities.

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our respot

ities

This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members those
matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted
by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the company’s members, as
a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Michael Scrivener (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

20 Station Road,

Cambridge,

CBI 2JD

Date: 15 April 2025

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Profit and Loss Account and Other Comprehensive Income
‘for year ended 31 December 2024

2024 2023
Note £000 £000

Tumover 2 120,003 94,889
Cost of sales (83,018) (64,358)
Gross profit 36,985 30,531
Distribution costs (1,422) (401)
Administrative expenses 82,627) (26,853)
Other Operating Income 825 -
Operating profit 3,761 2277
Other interest receivable and similar income 6 787 269
Interest payable and similar charges 7 @9) G8)
Non-operating expenses 8 - (284)
Profit on ordinary activities before taxation 4519 1,944
Tax on profit on ordinary activities 9 (1,055) (452)
Profit for the financial year 3,464 1,492
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Remeasurement of net defined benefit asset 186 (134) (3,233)
Tax on other comprehensive income 186 770 58
Consolidated exchange difference 18b ) -
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net 632 3,175)
of income tax
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year 4,096 (1,683)

The notes on pages 16 to 37 form an integral part of these Financial Statements.

Galderma (U.K) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Balance Sheet

At 31 December 2024
Note 2024 2023
£000 £000 £000 £000

Fixed assets
Tangible assets 10 233 88
Long-term assets
Net defined benefit asset 16 127 219
Total Fixed assets and Long-term assets 360 307
Current assets
Stocks n 26,170 17,766
Debtors R 32,714 29,210
Cash at bank and in hand B - -

58,884 46,976
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year “4 (45,935) (38,070)
Net current assets 12,949 8,906
Total assets less current liabilities 13,309 9,213
Creditors: amounts falling due after more than one M4 - -
year
Net assets 13,309 9,213,
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 18a 1,500 1,500
Profit and loss account 11,809 773
Shareholders’ funds 13,309 9,213

‘The notes on pages 16 to 37 form an integral part of these Financial Statements.
These financial statements were approved by the board of directors on 15 April 2025 and were signed on its behalf
by:

Docusigned by:

Fale wow Moos

7CAS2ABAF704459.
Felix von Moos
Director

Company registered number: 00715401

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 December 2024
Statement of Changes in Equity
At 31 December 2024
Called up Profit and Total
Share capital _loss account equity
£000 £000 £000
Balance at 1 January 2023 1,500 9,396 10,896
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit or loss : 1,492 1,492
Other comprehensive loss - 175) 3,175)
Total comprehensive loss for the period - (1,683) (1,683)
Balance at 31 December 2023 1,500 7113 9,213
Balance at 1 January 2024 1,500 703 9,213
Total comprehensive income for the period
Profit or loss - 3,464 3,464
Other comprehensive income - 632 632
Total comprehensive income for the period : 4,096 4,096
Balance at 31 December 2024 1,500 11,809 13,309

The notes on pages 16 to 37 form an integral part of these Financial Statements.

Galderma (U.K,) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes
(forming part of the financial statements)

1 Accounting policies

Galderma (U.K.) Limited (the “Company”) is a company limited by shares and incorporated and domiciled in
England.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 102 The Financial
Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland (“FRS /02”) as issued in August 2014. The
amendments to FRS 102 issued in July 2015 and effective immediately have been applied. The presentation currency
of these financial statements is Pound Sterling. All amounts in the financial statements have been rounded to the
nearest £1,000, unless otherwise stated.

In these financial statements, the Company is considered to be a qualifying entity (for the purposes of this FRS) and
has applied the exemptions available under FRS 102 in respect of the following disclosures:

* Cash Flow Statement and related notes;

The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods presented
in these financial statements.

1.1 Change in accounting policy/prior period adjustment

There have been no prior period adjustments.

12 Measurement convention

The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis.

13 Going concern

As at 31 December 2024, the company had cash and cash equivalents of £0 and a cash pooling balance of £10,829k
with the Group, which provide enough funds to meet the foreseeable needs of the company. The company has a
resilient balance sheet position, with net current assets of £12,949k as at 31 December 2024, having made a profit of
£3,464k.

The directors have prepared cashflow forecasts up until April 2026, taking into account the company’s current
financial and trading position, the principal risks and uncertainties and the strategic plans that are reviewed at least
annually by the Board. For going concem purposes, the period of assessment covers the period of at least 12 months
from the date of approval of these financial statements. The Cash forecast incorporated downside scenarios which
assumed changes in market growth rate, increased competition with adverse impact on the company’s ability to win
new customers, price elasticity and impacts from parallel imports. As mitigating actions, the directors have assumed
achievable reductions in expenditure such as marketing and admin expenses, reduction of inventory purchases and the
utilization of the group cash pooling facility. In addition, if in such downside scenario the net operating margin at year
end would be below an arm’s length range, based on the distribution agreement between the company and Galderma
SA, the company would be compensated by Galderma SA in a way that the net operating margin of the company will
be at arm’s length.

Noting the considerable financial resources available to the company, alongside the company’s access to Galderma’s
global cash pooling arrangement, the directors have a reasonable expectation that the company have adequate
resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future, covering a period of at least 12 months from
the issue of the financial statements. Therefore, they have prepared the financial statements on a going concem basis.

16

Galderma (U.K,) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)

Consequently, the directors are confident that the company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its liabilities
as they fall due for at least 12 months from the date of approval of the financial statements and therefore have prepared
the financial statements on a going concern basis.

14 Foreign currency

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the company’s functional currency at the foreign exchange rate
ruling at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance
sheet date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monetary
assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange
rate at the date of the transaction. Non-monetary assets.and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated
at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was
determined. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation are recognised in the profit and loss account.

LS Basic financial instruments
Trade and other debtors / creditors

Trade and other debtors are recognised initially at transaction price less attributable transaction costs. Trade and other
creditors are recognised initially at transaction price plus attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial

_ Tecognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment losses in the
case of trade debtors. If the arrangement constitutes a financing transaction, for example if payment is deferred beyond
normal business terms, then it is measured at the present value of future payments discounted at a market rate of
instrument for a similar debt instrument.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits, less overdrafts payable on demand.

16 Stocks

Stocks are stated at the lower of cost and estimated selling price less costs to complete and sell. Cost is based on the
weighted average principle and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the stocks, production or conversion costs
and other costs in bringing them to their existing location and condition.

1.7 Tangible fixed assets

Tangible fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Where parts
of an item of tangible fixed assets have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items of tangible fixed
assets.

Leases in which the company assumes substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the leased asset are
classified as finance leases. All other leases are classified as operating leases. Leased assets acquired by way of finance
lease are stated on initial recognition at an amount equal to the lower of their fair value and the present value of the
minimum lease payments at inception of the lease, including any incremental costs directly attributable to negotiating
and arranging the lease. At initial recognition a finance lease liability is recognised equal to the fair value of the leased
asset or, if lower, the present value of the minimum lease payments. The present value of the minimum lease payments
is calculated using the interest rate implicit in the lease. Lease payments are accounted for as described at 1.15 below.

The company assesses at each reporting date whether tangible fixed assets (including those leased under a finance
lease) are impaired.

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
17 Tangible fixed assets (continued)

Depreciation is charged to the profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each
part of an item of tangible fixed assets. Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful
lives. The estimated useful lives are as follows:

= computer equipment 3 years
= fixtures, fittings and equipment 5S years
* lease improvements 4.5 years

Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed if there is an indication of a significant change
since last annual reporting date.

18 Turnover

Tumover represents the amounts (excluding value added tax) derived from the provision of goods and services to
customers during the year. Tumover is shown net of rebates given to customers and is recognised on the delivery of
goods. All tumover is derived from the company’s principal activity within the UK and Ireland.

1.9 Other Operating income

The company hosts certain activities on behalf of related parties within the group and incurs expenses for such
activities, These costs are subsequently recharged to the respective related parties. In addition, the company charges
a service fee for services provided to related parties. Income from such activities are not part of the company’s
principal business activities and therefore reported under Other Operating Income

1.10 Employee benefits
Defined contribution plans and other long-term employee benefits

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the company pays fixed contributions into
a separate entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions
to defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an expense in the profit and loss account in the periods during
which services are rendered by employees.

Defined benefit plans

A defined benefit plan is a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined contribution plan. The company’s net
obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees
have eamed in return for their service in the current and prior periods; that benefit is discounted to determine its
present value. The fair value of any plan assets is deducted. The company determines the net interest expense (income)
on the net defined benefit liability (asset) for the period by applying the discount rate as determined at the beginning
of the annual period to the net defined benefit liability (asset) taking account of changes arising as a result of
contributions and benefit payments.

The discount rate is the yield at the balance sheet date on AA credit rated bonds denominated in the currency of and
having maturity dates approximating to the terms of the company’s obligations. A valuation is performed annually by
a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method. The company recognises net defined benefit plan assets to
the extent that it is able to recover the surplus either through reduced contributions in the future or through refunds
from the plan.

Changes in the net defined benefit liability arising from employee service rendered during the period, net interest on
net defined benefit liability, and the cost of plan introductions, benefit changes, curtailments and settlements during
the period are recognised in profit or loss.

Galderma (U.K) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes (continued)
1.10 Employee benefits (continued)

Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability/asset is recognised in other comprehensive income in the period in
which it occurs.

1 Business combinations

Business combinations are accounted for using the purchase method as at the acquisition date, which is the date on
which control is transferred to the company.

At the acquisition date, the company recognises goodwill at the acquisition date as:
"the fair value of the consideration (excluding contingent consideration) transferred; plus
* estimated amount of contingent consideration (see below); plus

=~ the fair value of the equity instruments issued; plus

= — directly attributable transaction costs; less

* the net recognised amount (generally fair value) of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent
liabilities assumed.

When the excess is negative, this is recognised and separately disclosed on the face of the balance sheet as negative
goodwill.

Consideration which is contingent on future events is recognised based on the estimated amount if the contingent
consideration is probable and can be measured reliably. Any subsequent changes to the amount are treated as an
adjustment to the cost of the acquisition,

FRS 102.35 grants certain exemptions from the full requirements of FRS 102 in the transition period. The company
elected not to restate business combinations that took place prior to the transition date. In respect of acquisitions prior
to the application date, goodwill is included on the basis of its deemed cost, which represents the amount recorded
under old UK GAAP. Intangible assets previously included in goodwill, are not recognised separately.

1.12 Intangible assets, goodwill and negative goodwill
Goodwill

Goodwill is stated at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is allocated
to cash-generating units or group of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the
business combination from which it arose.

Amortisation

Amortisation is charged to the profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets.
Intangible assets are amortised from the date they are available for use. The estimated useful life of the goodwill in
the acquired entity is ten years.

The basis for choosing a useful life over five years is that all goodwill relates to the acquisition of Q-Med (UK)
Limited. The products acquired are expected to generated revenue are expected to continue generating revenue for ten
years past the date of acquisition.

The company reviews the amortisation period and method when events and circumstances indicate that the useful life
may have changed since the last reporting date.

Goodwill and other intangible assets are tested for impairment in accordance with Section 27 Impairment of assets
when there is an indication that goodwill or an intangible asset may be impaired.

0z

‘asuadxa seo] [210) 94 Jo pred pesdoqut
Ue SB Osea] JY JO WLI} OM JOAO sso] pur IWoOId UI pastuoodI ase paAtodas SOANUIOUT aSvay] ‘pouMouT se postusooar
ame soseosour pamjonns oy 0) payejay sjwourked ayy aseo yoIyM UI ‘uONeBUY peIIUNs payodxe tI OUT] UT aseazoUT
0} pammongs are Jossa] ay} 0} sjusUANd ay Sso[UM ase} OY) JO WWI} JIN JOAO SiSeq ouLj-I4SIeNS B UO JUNODOE SSO]
pue youd ou wm pasruZooax aue sasea] Suyeredo Jopun apew (souemsur pue sdd1AIas 40} sys09 Sutpnjoxa) susuréEg

asway Suysedg

sasuadxg SIT

“ayep Suyyoday ay} ye UoHeSI|qo
dy) a]NeS 0} pasMbas juNoWe sy) Jo aJeUMT|SA JS9q oY Je PastuUdodaI oe SUOISIAOIg “WOHES!|go sy) INOS 0} posMbos
2q []IM S}Yaeq ofMOUODe Jo MOTANO Ue eM BQeqosd st 31 pue ‘pamseour A[qetjo1 oq UeO 34) ‘WWOA ised e JO yNSOT
8 Se UONRBIGO axtonnsuOD 40 JeBa] juasasd & sey Auedwiod ayp UdYM J99yS DDUE]eq ay} UI pasTuFOoa2 si UOIStACId YW

suopsiaoig — PIT

-pastuSooe1 u29q pey sso]
weuUTedun on J] ‘vOHesHOUD JO UONeIaId~ap Jo au ‘pauluLIa}ap Uaaq savy Pynom erp JONOWe ZULAUED 1) P9aoxo jou
Soop yunoUle SUIALIES s Jase 9} Jey} U9}X9 oy} 0} A[UO PasiaAal SI sso] JWoULTEdUN UY *s}STx9 JaduO] OU JO paseal2p
‘sey SSO] Sq) Jet SUONeoIpUT Aue Joy ayep Suniodas yoea Je passasse ose spouiod JoLd ut postusooel sassoj juowuTedwIT

“Adde 0) paseo oaey yuouttedun oxy 103 suoseas ou Jt Afuo pur ji pasioaal St sso] juouuedut oy

“unowre
‘SurAuses ay} Sonpai 0} UsYs ue ‘s}UN dy} 0} PoyedO}|e |{LMpoOS Aue Jo yuNoWe FuKued aq} JoNpes O} ISI PIyedo|[e
278 SND JO wWedsar ul pasiuSooas sassoj jusuuedwy “sso] 10 yyord u! pasiudooes ase Sasso] jusuIedwy “juNOWe
d]qeIOAODAI PareUIyse SH! sp2ddX9 HO SI! JO 19Sse Ue Jo JMOUE FuLALEO oy} Jt pasruBoooI SI sso] juouTeduT UY

‘poyerSajur w99q Seq 3! YOrYA OyUt AqIQUS aIyUD B~p Us) PayesBajul Us9q sey
Wg1 so ‘Ayorgua sy ut AQua parmboe oy) Jo yuNOwe a[qeseAooel oy} Suis pourajap st |[Mpood jo yuswuredun ayy
‘siseq Areniqye-UOU eB TO SOD Jo sdnosd 10 sD [eNprArpUT 04 payesoT[e oq jouUeD {[Mpoos Jr “Auyyso} juoWTEduAT
Tluapoo8 Jo asodmd oy 10,4 “UoHeMIquios amp Jo sarB10UAs oy) WOY 1Y9U9q 0} poroadxa ore IMP (,,..D,,) 40 ‘Siu
Sunesoued-yseo 0} payeooyje st Buysoq juowsTedaur yo osodmd oy 103 “uoreuIquiod ssouisng ¥ Ut paxInboe |[Mpood
2yL ‘(arn Suyesouss-yseo,, amp) sjosse Jo sdnow¥ 10 syosse Jomo Jo SMOU! YseO oy Jo jwapuadapur AjoBze] oe eq}
9sn SuINUAUOS WOY SMOYUT Ysed sayeI9UIB jeu) syasse Jo dnosd yso][eUUs 9y} OVI 194}990) padnosd oue Ajjenpiarput
P2189} 9q OUND yey] sjosse ‘BuIso} yuouLIEdUA! yo ssodind oxy 404 “Jasse 24 0} OYtoeds sysu 94) pue AouOW Jo anjeA
BW dUp JO SJUDUISSasse JOxTEU JUALIN s}oajad Jey} ayes JUNODSIP xej-aud & Bursn onjea yuasaid ayy 0} payunoosip
are SMO] Yseo oINyNY payeUTse oy] ‘dSN UI aNjeA Burssasse U] *][2S 0} S]SOD Sa] ONfeA Mey SII PUR asN UT INJeA SHI JO
Joywar8 aT ST UM BuTye1oUes-Yseo Jo osse Ue Jo JMOUTE 9]qQeIDACDII 9Y.L, ‘PAIeUNNS9 SI JUNOUTe a]quIdAODAI S,198Se 9q)
wow) ‘sysrxo UONROIpuT yons Aue J] “juoWedu Jo UOHeoIpUT Aue st ox04) LOYJOYM oUTWLID}9p 0) ap Sunsoday yous ye
pomotaas age ‘s}osse xe} PaLOJop pu sx0}s URIp LOMO ‘Sosse JelouTUY-uoU s,AuBdwOD ay) Jo sJMoWE BULLS Oy]

Stasso poIQUDUt.J-UON

*Sso] 10 youd ySnomp pess9Aoi St soy ]WaWULeduNT U] aseaJD9p Ip ‘asealD9p 0} sso] JUsUUTEduT
Jo jumoUre oy Sashes 1UDAD jUONbasqns e Hoy “SS0] 10 1yOId mt postuooo1 axe Sasso] IuoUMTEdWUT -JNODSIP Ip Jo
‘Surpurmun om Ysnomp pastusooas oq 0} SonUTIUOD yosse postedutt at UO ysa19IU] “oVep SuTIOdAs oO Ie PJOS 9q 0} D10M
WJ! osse a Joy aateoox Pjnom Auedwos aq wey jWMOWe oy Jo dyeUTYSO 1S9q oI puE MMOUTE FuAuTe sy WOIMIEq,
soualayip ay) se parenojeo st juauureduit ue jauLedwH ssa] 3500 Je Pomnseew SJuoUMNSUT [eIOUEUY 104 “axes ySoIDIUL
aanoajya [BUISLIO S,1asse ay} 18 PayunoosIp smoy Yseo asnyry PayeUIso op Jo anjea jussard ayp pur uNoUrE SuLALEO sy
UsaMjaq SoUaJAIJIP ay} Se Payelnd]ed SI Soo pasiwoe Je pamMseaus jesse jeloueUy v jo yoadsaz ul ssoj jwouLTedu UW

“Ayqeija1 poyeunss 9q uvd eI yosse IY) JO SMO] Yseo any

Poyeunysa ay) wo yoayya SAeBaU eB pey JUIAA SSO] OY} BY} PUR Yasse ay3 Jo UONIUBOOL [eRIUT Oy} Jaye paLMo0 sey JU2Ao
SSO] B Je} S2yBOIPUl aouaprAe Ayja(go JI poseduut st josse feloueay Y “posmedun st yt yeq) souaptAa aayoalgo si a13q)
JomEyM OUTULID}9P 0} aep Suda YowO Ie Passasse SI sso] JO YOId GSNoN} oNjeA sey ye PALUed JOU Josse [eIOURUY
(ssoiqap 4ayjo pun apo. Surpnjour) sjassv oroubuly

(panutjuoa) syasso xo} passafop pun syooss Suipnjoxe juowswduy — ET

(panuy1u02) SayONy

p02 saquia2eq IE
Siuawayors jo1ououyf pup y4odox jonuuy

ponury (Y/N) ouuapjoy

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes (continued)
1.15 Expenses (continued)
Intercompany recharges

The company hosts certain activities on behalf of related parties within the group and incurs expenses for such
activities. These costs are subsequently recharged to the respective related parties. For each such cost incurred, the
company evaluates whether it acts as a principle or an agent. In accordance with the company’s accounting policy, if
the company acts as an agent, the recharged amounts are offset against the related expenses in the profit and loss
statement, resulting in the net presentation of these costs. This treatment reflects the substance of the transactions and
ensures that the expenses reported in the financial statements accurately represent the costs borne by the company.

Interest receivable and Interest payable

Interest payable and similar charges include interest payable, finance charges on shares classified as liabilities and
finance leases recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method, unwinding of the discount on provisions,
and net foreign exchange losses that are recognised in the profit and loss account (see foreign currency accounting
policy).

Other interest receivable and similar income include interest receivable on funds invested and net foreign exchange
gains.

Interest income and interest payable are recognised in profit or loss as they accrue, using the effective interest method.
Foreign currency gains and losses are reported on a net basis.

1.16 Consolidation of Irish Branch

The Company consolidates the results of its Irish branch, which has a functional currency of Euro, into the statutory
accounts prepared in British Pound Sterling.

For the purpose of consolidating the branch’s financial information:

= Balance Sheet: Assets and liabilities denominated in Euros are translated into GBP using the exchange rate
prevailing as of 31 December 2024.

= Profit or Loss Statement: Income and expense items in Euros are translated into GBP using the average Euro-
GBP exchange rates applicable for each month during the financial year.

Exchange differences arising from the translation of the branch’s results are recognised in other comprehensive
income.

21

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes (continued)
1 Accounting policies (continued)
117 Taxation

Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit and loss
account except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income, in
which case it is recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted
or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is provided on timing differences which arise from the inclusion of income and expenses in tax assessments
in periods different from those in which they are recognised in the financial statements. Deferred tax is not recognised
on permanent differences arising because certain types of income or expense are non-taxable or are disallowable for tax
or because certain tax charges or allowances are greater or smaller than the corresponding income or expense.

Deferred tax is measured at the tax rate that is expected to apply to the reversal of the related difference, using tax rates
enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Deferred tax balances are not discounted.

Unrelieved tax losses and other deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that is it probable that they will
be recovered against the reversal of deferred tax liabilities or other future taxable profits.

1.18 Classification of financial instruments issued by the company

Financial instruments issued by the company are treated as equity (i.e. forming part of shareholders’ funds) only to
the extent that they meet the following two conditions:

a) they include no contractual obligations upon the company to deliver cash or other financial assets or to
exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another party under conditions that are potentially
unfavourable to the company; and

b) where the instrument will or may be settled in the company’s own equity instruments, it is either a non-
derivative that includes no obligation to deliver a variable number of the company’s own equity
instruments or is a derivative that will be settled by the company’s exchanging a fixed amount of cash or
other financial assets for a fixed number of its own equity instruments.

To the extent that this definition is not met, the proceeds of issue are classified as a financial liability. Where the
instrument so classified takes the legal form of the company’s own shares, the amounts presented in these financial
statements for called up share capital and share premium account exclude amounts in relation to those shares.

Where a financial instrument that contains both equity and financial liability components exists these components
are separated and accounted for individually under the above policy. The finance cost on the financial liability
component is correspondingly higher over the life of the instrument.

Finance payments associated with financial liabilities are dealt with as part of interest payable and similar charges.
Finance payments associated with financial instruments that are classified as part of shareholders’ funds, are dealt
with as appropriations in the reconciliation of movements in shareholders’ funds.

1.19 — Share-based payment arrangements

Galderma Holding SA, an entity controlled by Galderma Group AG, operates the LTI and recharges the actual
share-based payment expenses incurred in the period for the employees of Galderma (U.K.) Ltd to the company.
The LTI is an equity-settled share-based payment arrangement. The LTI scheme is settled by Galderma Holding SA.
The recharged share-based payment expenses are recognized as a liability with a corresponding entry in personnel

expenses.

22

. Galderma (U.K) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes (continued)

2 Turnover
2024 2023
£000 £000
Galderma (U.K.) Limited
UK 111,439 92,130
Europe and rest of the world 1,083, 2,159
112,522 94,889
Galderma (U.K.) Limited - Irish branch
Europe and rest of the world 7,481 -
7,481 -
Total by geographical market
UK 111,439 92,130
Europe and rest of the world 8,564 2,759
120,003 94,889

All revenue is earned from the sale of goods in the current and prior year. Galderma (U.K.) Limited — Irish Branch
engages in the sale of certain products to a distributor based in Northern Ireland, However, as this distributor is
authorized to sell these products exclusively within the Republic of Ireland, the revenue from these transactions is
reported under Europe and the Rest of the World.

3 Expenses and auditor’s remuneration
Included in profit/loss are the following:
2024 2023
£000 £000
Depreciation of owned assets (see note 10) 69 50
Auditor's remuneration:
2024 2023
£000 £000
Audit of these financial statements 125 112
Amounts receivable by the company’s auditor and its associates in respect of:
Audit-related assurance services 30 15
Taxation compliance services 16 14

23

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes (continued)

4 Staff numbers and costs

The average number of persons employed by the company (including directors but excluding employees hosted on
behalf of related parties of the group) during the year, analysed by category, was as follows:

Number of employees

2024
Office and management 64 54
Direct selling 39 35
103 89
The aggregate payroll costs of these persons were as follows:
2024 2023
£000 £000
Wages and salaries 10,980 8,772
Social security costs 1,372 1,087
Expenses related to defined contribution plans 608 542
12,960 10,401
5 Directors’ remuneration
2024 2023
£000 £000
Directors’ remuneration 1,133 679
Amounts received under long term incentive scheme 249 163
Company contributions to money purchase pension plans 65 -
1,447 842

The remuneration to the highest paid director was £952k (2023: £564K) including payments from long-term incentive
granted in prior years. Transfer of long-term incentive schemes received by Directors from prior periods amount to
£(316)k in 2024. No Director is a member of a Defined Contribution scheme. In 2024, two directors are member of a
Defined Contribution Scheme, under which £65k were contributed.

All directors, aside from the two directors detailed above are also directors or employees of other Galderma companies
and have not received emoluments for their services to the company in the current or prior period.

6 Other interest receivable and similar income
2024 2023
£000 £000
Interest income on defined benefit plans 10 18
Finance income on change of valuation of long term incentive scheme 299 =
Other interest receivable 478 251
787 269

24

Notes (continued)

7 Interest payable and similar charges

Finance expense on change of valuation of long term incentive scheme
Other Interest payable

Total other interest payable and similar charges

8 Non-operating expenses

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements

2024
£000

29

29

31 December 2024

2023
£000

143
175

318

The company’s defined benefit pension benefits for its current and former employees are held in the Galderma (UK)
Limited Section of the Pensions Master Plan (“Plan”). On 11 December 2023, the trustee of the Plan entered into a
buy-in policy for the whole membership, with the exception of one member.

‘As part of this transaction in the prior year, the company incurred advisor costs amounting of £284k in 2023. Such
transaction falls outside the ordinary activities of the company and are not expected to recur following the completion

of such.

9 Taxation

Total tax expense recognised in the profit and loss account and equity

£000
Current tax

Current tax on income for the period 750
Adjustments in respect of prior periods 2
Total current tax

Deferred tax (see note 15)

Origination and reversal of timing differences 293
Total deferred tax

Total tax

2024

£000

762

293

1,058

£000

642
@)

(188)

All amounts in the current and prior year above have been recognised in the profit and loss account.

Current tax recognised entirely relates to UK corporation tax in the current and prior year.

2023
£000

640

(188)

452

25

Galderma (UK) Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 December 2024
Notes (continued)
9 Taxation (continued)
2024 2023
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Current Tax Deferred Tax Total Tax Current Tax__Deferred Tax Total Tax
Recognised in Profit 762 293 1,055 640 (188) 452
and loss account
Recognised in OCI (674) (96) (770) - (58) (58)
Recognised directly - : - - : :
in equity
Total tax 88 197 285 640 (246) 394
Reconciliation of effective tax rate
2024 2023
£000 £000
Profit for the year before tax 4,519 1,944
Total tax expense (1,055) (452)
Profit for the year including taxation 3,464 1,492
‘Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 25% (2023: 23.5%) 1,130 457
Non-deductible expenses 24 23
Permanent capital allowances in excess of depreciation 0 Q)
Adjustment to tax in respect of previous periods 12 0)
Other tax 0 28
Utilisation of previously unrecognized tax losses (84) 0
Other differences @7) (52)
Total tax expense included in profit or loss 1,055 452

The UK corporation tax rate has increased from 19% to 25% on April 2023. Average effective tax rate of 2023 was 23.5%.

The company has assessed its exposure to the Pillar Two legislation and expects to be subject to a top-up tax in relation to its
operations in Ireland and has made a corresponding provision of £2k (2023: nil).

26

Galderma (U.K,) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes (continued)

10 Tangible fixed assets
Lease Computer

Improvements equipment Total
£000 £000 £000
Cost
Balance at 1 January 2024 0 198 198
Additions 194 14 208
Disposals 0 33) 33)
Balance at 31 December 2024 194 179 373
Depreciation and impairment
Balance at | January 2024 0 (110) (110)
Depreciation charge for the year 0 (69) (69)
Disposals 0 39 39
Balance at 31 December 2024 0) (140) (140)
Net book value
At | January 2024 0 88 88
At31 December 2024 194 39 233
u Stocks
2024 2023
£000 £000
Finished goods 26,170 17,766

Finished goods recognised as cost of sales in the year amounted to £82m (2023: £67m). In 2024, the company wrote down £1,045k
of provision on finished goods. In 2023, the write-down of stocks to net realisable value reserve amounted to £1,711k.

12 Debtors

2024 2023

£000 £000

Trade debtors 16,730 14,042
Amounts owed by group undertakings 14,355 13,180
Other debtors 52 654
Corporation Tax receivable 647 156
Deferred Tax Asset 9 216
Prepayments and accrued income 851 902
32,714 29,210

Due within one year 32,714 29,210
Due after more than one year : -
32,714 29,210

27

Galderma (UK.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes (continued)

12 _ Debtors (continued)

The balance owed by group undertakings comprise of a cash pooling balance amounting to £10,829k (2023: £8,/96k). Amounts
owed by group undertakings are payable within 30 days of the date of the invoice. Cash pooling balance earns interest based on
SONIA rates and are payable upon demand.

13 Cash and cash equivalents

2024 2023

£000 £000
Cash at bank and in hand - -
14 _ Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

2024 2023

£000 £000
Trade creditors 4,183 2,372
Amounts owed to group undertakings 27,454 23,022
Corporation tax payable 90 305
Taxation and social security 1,796 2,462
Accruals and deferred income 12,412 9,909
Amounts falling due within one year 45,935 38,070

Deferred tax liability - -

Amounts falling due after more than one year :

The balance owed to group undertakings are payable within 90 days of the date of the invoice.

28

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements

(

i

31 December 2024
Notes (continued)
15 _ Deferred tax asset
Timing Short 7
Timing —_ difference on term
differences on _ contributions to timing
longterm closed defined difference Total Timing Total Net
incentive benefit scheme on fixed deferred differences deferred tax deferred
payments assets tax asset on pension liability | tax asset
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000 £000
Balance at
1 January 2023 161 - 3 164 (134) (134) 30
Movement for the
year 192 - - 192 54 54 246
Balance at
31 December 2623
and 1 January 2024 353 - 3 356 (80) (80) } 276
Movement for the '
year (293) 64 : (229) 32 32} 497)
Balance at |
31 December 2024 60 64 3 127 (48) (48) 9

The rate at which Deferred tax liability is calculated is 35% based on the net defined benefit asset (see note 16). See
note 9 for details on recognition of changes to total deferred tax liability. In the Balance Sheet, the Net Deferred Tax
Position is presented as a deferred tax asset of £79k.

16 Net Defined Benefit Asset

The company’s defined benefit pension benefits for its current and former employees are held in the Galderma (UK)
Limited Section of the Pensions Master Plan (“Plan”). The most recent actuarial funding valuation for the Plan as at
31 March 2023 was completed in 2024. As part of the 31 March 2023 actuarial funding valuation, it was agreed that
the Company would continue to make contributions into the Plan to meet pension payments in respect of one uninsured
pensioner member.

The defined benefit obligation at 31 December 2024 is based on the 31 March 2023 actuarial valuation results, adjusted
for cashflow and inflation experience over the period to the year end and financial and demographic assumptions
required under FRS102. :

The company has recognised its surplus in full at the end of the year as it is able to recover any surplus through a
refund from the Plan under the governing rules.

29

Galderma (UK.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes (continued)

16 . Net Defined Benefit Asset (continued)

On 11 December 2023, the trustee of the Plan entered into a buy-in policy for the whole membership, with the
exception of one serious ill health member, to cover all member benefits as and when they fall due. To secure the buy-
in policy, the company made a payment of £3,050k. The rationale behind such a decision is that the cost of such a
transaction for the company is expected to be acceptable and a buy-in reduces risks in relation to the Section (e.g.
investment risk, longevity risk etc). The same value is included in both the assets and liabilities as at the reporting date
for the buy-in policy, in line with FRS102 requirement. The impact of the buy-in has led to an asset loss at the reporting
date. The Company does not consider the purchase of this buy-in insurance policy as a “settlement”. Therefore, the
difference between the accounting value of liabilities insured and the cost of insuring them is recognized as a
remeasurement, through OCI as an asset loss. The rationale for this treatment is that this event is an investment
decision taken by the trustee and so the gain/loss that results is treated in the same way as any other investment
gain/loss, i.e. recognized in OCI. A separate decision would be required, and certain significant barriers would need
to be overcome before any buy-out could be executed.

In Junc 2023, the UK High Court passed a judgment in the Virgin Media Limited v NTL Pension Trustees II Limited
case which stated that certain historical amendments in respect of contracted-out defined benefit schemes in the period
from 6 April 1997 to 5 April 2016 would be invalid if not accompanied at the time by a relevant actuarial confirmation.
The decision was upheld on appeal in July 2024. The Trustee of the Galderma UK (Ltd) Section of the Pensions
Master Plan (‘the Section’) has started their investigations and the Company is working with the Trustee (with input
from the Trustee’s lawyers) to progress these, particularly given that, until 2020, any changes to the Section were
made by the Trustee of the Nestlé UK Pension Fund (“NUKPF”). In light of the ongoing nature of the investigations,
there is no evidence that relevant actuarial confirmations do not exist, and, even if they do not, it is uncertain as to
whether any benefit rectification would be required. Therefore, no judgemental provision has been made in the
financial year ended 31 December 2024. The Company continues to monitor the progress of the investigations.

Net pension asset

2024 2023

£000 £000
Defined benefit obligation (12,161) (13,741)
Plan assets 12,288 13,960
Net pension asset 127 219

Movements in present value of defined benefit obligation

2024 2023

£000 £000
At I January (13,741) (13,928)
Interest expense (606) (644)
Remeasurement: actuarial gains 1,613 371
Benefits paid 573 460
At31 December (12,161) (13,741)

30

Galderma (U.K,) Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 December 2024
Notes (continued)
16 Net Defined Benefit Asset (continued)
Defined benefit plans
Movements in fair value of plan assets
2024 2023
£000 £000
At | January 13,960 14,312
Interest income 616 662
Remeasurement: return on plan assets less interest income (1,747) (3,604)
Employer Contribution 33 3,050
Benefits paid (574) (460)
At31 December 12,288 13,960
Expense recognised in the profit and loss account
2024 2023
£000 £000
Past service cost - -
Net interest on the net defined benefit liability (10) (1g)
Total expense recognised in profit or loss (10) (18)
The fair value of the plan assets and the return on those assets were as follows:
2024 2023
Fair value Fair value
% %
Equities - -
Buy and maintain credit - .
Cash, derivatives and other 2% 2%
Buy-in policy 98% 98%
100% 100%
Actual return on plan assets 4,131) (2,942)

None of the assets held are the company’s financial instruments.

31

Galderma (U.K,) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes (continued)
16 Net Defined Benefit Asset (continued)
Defined benefit plans (continued)

Principal actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages) at the year-end were as follows:

2024 2023

% %

Discount rate 5.50% 4.50%
CPL 2.60% 2.50%
RPI 3.00%
Pension increases 2.10%

In valuing the liabilities of the plan at 31 December 2024, life expectancy assumptions have becn made using standard
actuarial tables published by the Institute and Faculty of Actuaries and adjusted to reflect the plan characteristics. The

assumptions include an allowance for future improvements in life expectancy. The assumptions are equivalent to
expecting a 65-year old to live for a number of years as follow:

1 Current pensioner aged 65: 21.2 years (male), 24.1 years (female).

17 Operating leases

Non-cancellable operating lease rentals are payable as follows:

2024 2023
Operating leases which expire: £000 £000
Less than one year 564 331
Between one and five years 1,569 -

2,133 331

In 2024, the company entered into a new operating lease for its offices with expiry date in June 2029. During the year
£711k was recognised as an expense in the profit and loss account in respect of operating leases (2023: £723k).

32

Notes (continued)

18a Capital and reserves

In thousands of shares

On issue at | January

On issue at 31 December

Allotted, called up and fully paid
50,000 ordinary shares of £1 each

1,450,000 nil % redeemable, non-cumulative preference shares of £1 each

‘Shares classified in shareholders’ funds

Galderma (U.K) Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 December 2024

Ordinary Ordinary Preference Preference
shares shares shares shares
2024 2023 2024 2023
50 50 1,450 1,450

50 50 1,450 1,450
2024 2023

£000 £000

50 50

1,450 1,450

1,500 1,500

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one
vote per share at meetings of the company. Dividend payments on the preference shares are at the discretion of the
directors, Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act 2006, the company may at any time redeem the whole or
any part of the preference shares, provided not less than 3 months’ notice in writing is given. For each preference
share redeemed a sum equal to the amount paid up, plus any declared but unpaid dividend on such share is due.

In the event of a winding up or other such repayment of capital, the preference shareholders are entitled to have the
assets of the company available for distribution applied, in priority to the ordinary shareholders, in paying to them the
preference share capital and a sum equal to any declared but unpaid dividend on these shares. The preference shares
do not entitle the holder to receive notice of, or attend, or vote at any general meeting unless either:

© payment of any declared dividend on the preference shares is more than six months in arrears, in
which case they would be entitled to receive notice of and to attend and vote at all general meetings
held before the payment takes place; or

© the business of the meeting includes the consideration of a resolution for:

i) winding up the company or reducing its share capital;

ii) the sale of the undertaking of the company;

iii) altering the objects of the company;

iv) varying any of the special rights or privileges attached to the preference shares.

In the event of any of the above the holder is entitled to vote on any such resolution, but no other resolution proposed

at the meeting.

33

Galderma (UK.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements

31 December 2024
Notes (continued)
18b Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Other comprehensive income/(loss) at year end consists of:
Total OCI Total OCI
2024 2023
Other comprehensive loss/(income) £000 £000
Remeasurement of net defined asset 6,243 6,109
Income tax on other comprehensive income 2,538) (768)
Consolidated exchange difference 4 -
Total comprehensive loss 4,709 5,341
‘The movement in other comprehensive income/(loss) during the
year is attributable to
Remeasurement of net defined asset (34) (3,233)
Income tax on other comprehensive income 770 58
Consolidated exchange difference Oy :
Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year 632 @,175)

34

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes (continued)

19 _ Related parties
Transactions with key management personnel

Total compensation of key management personnel (including the directors) in the year amounted to £1,778k (2023:
£842k). In the current financial period, the company has expanded the definition of key management personnel and
includes selected department heads within the business. There were no amounts written off in respect of debts due to
or from key management personnel (2023: nil). There are no amounts due or outstanding at year end (2023: nil).

Transactions with post-employment benefit plan.

Galderma UK Ltd section of the Deloitte Pensions Master plan is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of
employees that previously participated to the Nestle Defined benefit pensions plan.

On 11 December 2023, the Trustee of the Scheme entered into a buy-in transaction. As part of the buy-in, the Company
has made the necessary cash contribution of £3.05m in 2023. In 2024, the Company made cash contributions of £33k
(2023: nil) to the Scheme to fund the continuing obligations of the Scheme with respect to an ill-health member.

Other related party transactions

Stock purchases Interest income
2024 2023 2024 2023
£000 £000 £000 £000
Galderma Pharma SA (Switzerland) 92,370 67,969 - -
Galderma Holding - - 478 253
92,370 67,969 478 253

Receivables outstanding Creditors outstanding

2024 2023 2024 2023
£000 £000 £000 £000
Galderma Nordic AB 36 - 158 -
Galderma Holding 13 87 418 :
Galderma SA 2,750 4,984 26,126 23,109
Galderma SA Laboratories : - 25 -
Galderma SA Cash Pooling 11,556 8,196 mI -
Amounts receivable/payable within one year 14,355 13,267 27,454 23,109

There were no amounts written off in respect of debts due to or from related parties (2023: £nil). No provision is
held against debts due to or from related parties (2023 : £nil).

35

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes (continued)

20 Accounting estimates and judgements

Key sources of estimation uncertainty

Sensitivities to changes in assumptions:

Change in Assumption Impact of liability (£000)

Discount rate increases by 0.1% pa -200

Increase RPI inflation assumption by 0.1% pa (with +80
resulting impact to CPI inflation assumption)

Reduce RPI-CPI gap by 0.1% pa over all durations +30

Members are assumed to live 1 year longer +270

The duration of the Galderma (UK) Limited Section of the Pensions Master Plan is used to set key financial
assumptions. The duration impacts the sensitivity of the measurement of the pension obligations to changes in
interest rates. The longer the duration, the more sensitive the measurement of the pension obligations are to changes
in interest rates. The plan has a duration of 17 years.

21 Ultimate parent company and parent company of larger group

The company is a subsidiary undertaking of Galderma Pharma SA. The ultimate controlling party is Galderma
Group AG, a company listed on the SIX Swiss Stock Exchange. Significant shareholders of Galderma Group AG
are disclosed on the website of SIX Exchange Regulation (www.ser-ag.com). Copies of the group financial
statements are available for download from the investor relations section on the website of Galderma Group AG

https://investors.galderma.com).

The smallest group in which the results of the company are consolidated is that headed by Galderma Pharma SA,
incorporated in Switzerland.

22 Share-based payments
2a VCB Plan

Overview

The VCB plan is a long-term plan open to selected management employees of the Group and aims to incentivize
participants to maximize shareholder value. As such the scheme’s primary value driver is the “Cash on cash” (the
CoC) return realized by the EQT consortium. The CoC represents the total value of investments divided by total cost
of investments for the EQT consortium. This plan is accounted for as cash settled share-based payment plan and will
be paid in cash. This plan has been fully settled in 2024.

The company measures the services rendered by the plan participants and the liability incurred at the fair value of the
liability. The expense is straight lined over the service period.

Expense recognized in the profit and loss and other comprehensive income
During the year ended December 31, 2024 the company recorded an expense within operating profit of £37k (2023:
£464%) and financial income of £299k (2023: financial expense of £143k) for the change in fair value. The change in
fair value is driven by the final calculation and settlement of the VCB plan. The cumulative liability at year end
amounted to £0k (2023: £1,085k) in relation to the VCB plan.

36

Galderma (U.K.) Limited
Annual report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Notes (continued)

22 Share-based payments (continued)
22b Long-Term Incentive Plan

In May 2024 Galderma Group has established a new Long-Term Incentive Plan (“LTI”) that is designed to align
compensation with the strategic goals of Galderma Group. The LTI consists of awards of restricted share units
(“RSUs”) to senior management and selected employees of Galderma Group. RSUs will convert into unrestricted
shares in Galderma Group AG (parent company of Galderma Group) on a 1:1 ratio in three tranches after a required
service period of between one and three years.

Galderma Holding SA, an entity controlled by Galderma Group AG, administers the plans and transfers the shares to
employees of Galderma (U.K.) Ltd at the vesting dates of the LTI. Galderma Holding SA recharges the actual expenses
incurred to the company which has the obligation to settle it in cash. As of December 31, 2024 the share-based payment
liability payable to Galderma Holdings SA amounts to £367k (2023: nil). During the reporting period an expense of
£367k (2023: nil) was recognized.

Galderma Holding SA recharged thé actual share-based payment expenses in the period, which were measured on the
basis of the fair value on the grant date using the Black-Scholes formula. The option pricing model was performed
with reference to the share price of Galderma Group AG on the grant date and resulted in weighted RSU grant date
fair value of £63.13. Further inputs for the fair value measurement were the expected volatility, the expected dividend
yield and the risk-free interest rate. Due to a lack of sufficient historical data, the estimate of the expected volatility
was determined on the basis of peer data. Service conditions attached to the arrangement were not taken into account
in measuring fair value.

23 Subsequent events

Subsequent to the balance sheet date, the directors have proposed a final ordinary dividend in respect of the current
financial year of £1,000k (2023: £Nil). This has not been included within creditors as it was not approved before the
year end.

37
