Registration number: 2543818

Gilead Sciences Limited

Annual Report and Financial Statements

for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

MACFARLANES LLP ,
20 CURSITOR STREET nx
LONDON 3
EC4A 1LT 2 LL
° 13/09/2025 #38

COMPANIES HOUSE

Gilead Sciences Limited

Contents

Company Information

Strategic Report

Directors' Report

Statement of Directors' Responsibilities
Independent Auditor's Report
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Balance Sheet

Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes to the Financial Statements

2toS

6 to 10

11

12 to 15

16

17

18

19 to 39

Gilead Sciences Limited

Company Information

Directors H Sticker
J Peche
P Wickersham
J Comiskey

Company secretary I Mckenzie

Registered office 280 High Holbom
London
WCIV 7EE

Registered number of incorporation 2543818

Solicitors Macfarlanes LLP
20 Cursitor Street
London
EC4A 1LT

Bankers Bank of America Inc
2 King Edward Street
ECIA1HQ

Auditors Emst & Young
City Quarter
Lapps Quay
Cork

Page 1

Gilead Sciences Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

The directors present their report for the year ended 31 December 2024.

Fair review of the business
The Company’s principal activities during the year were the sale of pharmaceutical products and providing
support services to other group undertakings. .

The company's key financial and other performance indicators during the year were as follows:

Financial KPIs Unit 2024 2023
Turnover — pharmaceutical product sales £'000 265,955 238,005
Administrative expenses — excluding share based payment charge £'000 58,751 58,955
Profit before tax £000 14,714 12,966
Average headcount 189 195

Compared to the prior year tumover from pharmaceutical product sales has increased by 12%, administrative
expenses excluding the share based payment charges showed a marginal decrease (0.1%), profit before tax has
increased by 13% and average headcount has decreased by 3%.

The increase in tumover from pharmaceutical product sales revenue of £23m was primarily due to a decrease in
the voluntary scheme for branded medicines, pricing, access and growth ('VPAG’) levy in 2024 compared to the
voluntary scheme for branded medicines pricing and access scheme ('VPAS’) levy in 2023.

Principal risks and uncertainties
Under UK Company Law the Company is required to give a description of the principal risks and uncertainties
which it faces. These principal risks are set out below:

The Company sells pharmaceutical products manufactured by the group to UK hospitals, retail pharmacies and
other healthcare providers. It operates within the pharmaceutical sector and is therefore exposed to the usual
risks within this sector to the extent that they may impact on customers’ demand for the product of the
Company.

The Group considers many risk factors in its annual report, available from the address shown in note 23,
including deriving revenue from a limited number of products, facing significant competition and the possibility
of product safety issues.

Future Developments

The directors anticipate underlying growth in the group's HIV and oncology business. That growth combined
with the planned launch of new products lead the directors to anticipate revenue growth and stable profitability
in 2025/2026.

Page 2

Gilead Sciences Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Section 172(1) statement
This report, as required under section 414CZA of The Companies Act 2006, details how the directors have
considered the matters outlined in section 172(1)(a) to (f).

Principal Decisions

Gilead Sciences Limited (“GSL” or “the Company”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Gilead Sciences, Inc.
(“Gilead”), operates under the guidance of Gilead's Board, which sets the overall long-term strategy. While the
Gilead Board guides principal decisions, the GSL Board and UK leadership team (“UKILT”) and management
committee handle local-level execution and day-to-day operations, delegating specific responsibilities to
subject-matter experts.

The Board of Gilead and the Company's management committee are guided in all decisions by Gilead’s mission
and values. Gilead's mission is to discover, develop, and deliver innovative therapeutics for life-threatening
diseases, focusing on areas of significant unmet medical need such as HIV, oncology, and liver diseases. Driven
by science and dedicated to improving patient care, Gilead adheres to the highest legal and ethical standards.
Our board, leadership team, and employees are committed to upholding our core values: integrity, inclusion,
teamwork, excellence, and accountability.

In 2024, Gilead made notable progress in fulfilling its Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
commitments and enhancing business resilience:

Gilead advanced its leadership in HIV prevention with lenacapavir, a promising twice-yearly injection for PrEP.
Named the 2024 Breakthrough of the Year by Science magazine, lenacapavir demonstrated exceptional efficacy
in diverse clinical trials. With FDA approval granted in June 2025, this innovation could strengthen Gilead's
leadership in HIV prevention, complementing its existing treatment, Biktarvy. Gilead has proactively signed
licensing agreements with six generic manufacturers to ensure lenacapavir's availability in 120 lower-income
countries, aiming to remove barriers to care.

Beyond HIV, Gilead expanded its oncology portfolio with active Phase 3 trials and cell therapy studies,
including Trodelvy® for metastatic breast cancer and anito-cel for multiple myeloma. Progress was also made in
liver disease with Livdelzi®, approved for primary biliary cholangitis.

In parallel, Gilead fostered workplace inclusivity through a new Disability Inclusion Employee Resource Group,
and continued sustainability efforts by targeting carbon, water, waste, and packaging improvements, remaining
on track to achieve 100% renewable electricity by 2025.

These achievements reflect Gilead’s commitment to delivering sustainable and responsible shareholder value.
Leadership and Decision-Making
The UK & Ireland Leadership Team (UKILT) manages GSL's day-to-day operations, holding weekly meetings

and monthly deep-dive sessions to review business performance, compliance, and governance. GSL defines
principal decisions as those that are material to the group and significant to any key stakeholder groups.

Page 3

Gilead Sciences Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Engagi ith Key Stakeholders

Employees
GSL’s 189 employees share a commitment to creating a healthier world, working in an intellectually stimulating
and socially responsible environment.

Inclusion and Diversity:

Diversity and inclusion are deeply embedded in our operations, underpinning talent acquisition and retention.
We celebrate a broad range of attributes including race, gender, disability, thinking styles, and more. Initiatives
such as cultural cafés and awareness sessions on ADHD, autism, and dyslexia promote understanding. Our
Employee Resource Groups - Women at Gilead, Pride Alliance, Global Leadership Organization of Black
Employees, and Accelerating Disability Awareness & Progress Together - foster belonging and innovation.

Compensation and Benefits:

We offer competitive compensation, benchmarking pay against the biopharmaceutical industry and tailoring
benefits to global locations. In the UK, this includes private health insurance, income protection, cycle-to-work
schemes, and contributory pensions. New “Gratitude” awards recognise employee contributions.

Wellbeing:

We prioritize wellbeing through the “Wellbeing Reimbursement” program, paid time off, a paid volunteer day,
the "Giving Together" donation matching program, and flexible hybrid work arrangements supporting work-life
balance.

Communication nsultation:
Regular “All Hands” meetings, engagement surveys, and ERG activities ensure transparent communication and
open dialogue.

UK Health Bodies

Gilead collaborates with public health officials, researchers, and healthcare professionals to improve patient
access, raise disease awareness, drive R&D, and maintain ethical standards in all interactions. We engage
through face-to-face and virtual meetings and maintain a robust supply chain to ensure medicine availability.

Suppliers
In 2024, we strengthened ESG and inclusion commitments across procurement processes:

- Vetting suppliers for responsible sourcing, risk management, sustainability, and auditing.

- Monitoring high-risk suppliers and supporting their sustainability efforts.

- Requiring suppliers to disclose GHG management practices during competitive bidding.

- Surveying 130 suppliers and engaging 86 strategic partners, with 27% achieving SBTi-validated emissions
reduction targets.

- Exceeding our $1 billion spend goal with diverse suppliers (2021-2023), doubling spend with Black-owned
businesses.

- Continuing partnerships with MSDUK, WEConnect, and Disability:IN.

- Paying suppliers promptly, averaging within 30 days.

Page 4

Gilead Sciences Limited

Strategic Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Community and Environment
Gilead recognises that responsible business growth must be aligned with environmental stewardship. At the
Group level, Gilead has committed to:

- Reducing Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 25% by 2025 (versus a 2016 baseline),
- Reducing Scope 3 emissions by 15% across its value chain by 2030 (versus a 2019 baseline),

GSL supports these global targets and remains fully committed to complying with all relevant environmental
regulations, including the UK government’s Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) initiative.
Further details of GSL’s operational energy use and emissions are provided in the Directors’ Report.

Through volunteering initiatives and charitable matching under the Giving Together Program, GSL employees
actively contribute to strengthening their local communities.

Shareholders

As a wholly owned subsidiary, shareholder activity is managed by Gilead Sciences, Inc., a publicly listed
company. GSL aligns its operations and governance with Gilead’s corporate strategy and objectives.
Shareholder information is available on the Gilead Investor Relations website, available here:
https://investors.gilead.com/resources/investor-faqs/default.aspx.

Approved by the Board on 10 September 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

DocuSigned by:

Director

Page 5S

Gilead Sciences Limited

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

The directors present their report and the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.

Results for the year and statement of affairs at 31 December 2024

The Statement of Comprehensive Income, Balance Sheet and Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended
31 December 2024 are set out on pages 16 to 18 respectively. The profit before taxation amounted to
£14,714,000 compared to a profit before taxation of £12,966,000 in the prior year. After a tax charge of
£3,698,000 an amount of £11,016,000 has been credited to reserves. During the year the company paid a
dividend of £9,689,000 to its immediate parent company Gilead Sciences Ireland UC ("GSIUC").

Directors of the Company
The directors, who held office during the year, were as follows:

J Dorling (resigned 24 October 2024)

J Jorden (resigned 27 November 2024)

H Sticker

P Wickersham (appointed 24 October 2024)

J Comiskey (appointed 24 October 2024)

The following director was appointed after the year end:
J Peche (appointed 3 March 2025)

Going concern

The Company’s business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its future development and position,
are set out in the Strategic Report. The Company is expected to continue to generate positive cash flows on its
own account for the foreseeable future.

The Company and its ultimate parent company have considerable financial resources together with a customer
base which is predominantly comprised of the UK Government NHS Hospital sector. Demand for the
Company’s medicines is strong and each of the products maintains clinical support through recognised clinical
guidelines relevant to the particular therapeutic area. As a consequence, the directors believe that the Company
is well placed to manage its business risks successfully.

The directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has adequate resources to continue in operational

existence for a period of twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements. Thus they
continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the annual financial statements.

Future developments
Future developements are discussed in the Strategic Report on page 2.

Page 6

Gilead Sciences Limited
Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024 ‘
Financial Risk Management

Objectives and policies
The Company has financial risk management objectives and policies in place.

The Company’s activities expose it to a number of financial risks including price risk, credit risk, cash flow risk,
liquidity risk, and foreign exchange risk.

Price risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, cash flow risk and foreign exchange risk

Price risk:

Competitive pressure within the pharmaceutical and health industry is a continuing risk for the Company which
could result in it losing sales to competitors. The Company manages the risk by maintaining strong relationships
with customers and bringing new Gilead group products to the market.

Credit risk and cash flow risk:

The Company’s principal financial assets are cash at bank and trade debtors. The Company’s credit risk is
primarily attributable to its trade debtors. The amounts presented in the balance sheet are net of allowances for
doubtful receivables. An allowance for impairment is made where there is an identified loss event which, based
on previous experince, is evidence of a reduction in the recoverability of the cash flows.

The credit risk on liquid funds is limited because counterparties are banks with high credit-ratings assigned by
international credit rating agencies.

The Company has no significant concentration of credit risk, with exposure spread over a large number of
counterparties and customers.

Liquidity risk:
In conjunction with its ultimate parent undertaking Gilead, the Company manages its cash flows to ensure that it
has sufficient available funds for operations and planned expansions.

Foreign exchange risk:
The Company transacts primarily in Sterling and therefore has minimal foreign exchange risk. The Company
does not have any forward foreign exchange contracts.

Geopolitical risk:

Geopolitical unrest has affected economic and global financial markets, with issues such as rising inflation and
global supply chain disruption however we do not foresee a significant impact on the Company. Additionally,
the implementation of tariffs across international markets has impacted global markets and the costs of imports
and exports. We do not see this having a significant impact on the Company due to limited exposure to
cross-border tariffs.

Political donations
There have been no political donations during the year.

Research and development

The Company supports funding for clinical studies which are run on a national basis in the UK in its drug
therapeutic areas. These are phase 1V projects. Earlier phase projects are funded directly and exclusively by the
ultimate parent company, Gilead Sciences Inc.

Important non adjusting events after the financial period
There were no significant adjusting or non-adjusting events to note after the financial period.

Page7

Gilead Sciences Limited

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Directors' liabilities

The Company has granted an indemnity to one or more of its directors against liability in respect of proceedings
brought by third parties, subject to the conditions set out in section 234 of the Companies Act 2006. Such
qualifying third party indemnity provision remains in force as at the date of approving the directors’ report.

Disclosure of information to the auditors

Each director has taken steps that they ought to have taken as a director in order to make themselves aware of
any relevant audit information and to establish that the company's auditor is aware of that information. The
directors confirm that there is no relevant information that they know of and of which they know the auditor is
unaware.

Reappointment of auditors
The auditors Ernst & Young are deemed to be reappointed under section 487(2) of the Companies Act 2006.

Environmental Report

Gilead Sciences Ltd is committed to complying with relevant environmental legislation to improve transparency
and auditability of emissions. As part of this commitment this section of our Director’s Report discloses our
operational energy consumption and carbon footprint in line with the UK Government's Streamlined Energy
and Carbon Reporting (SECR) initiative The data included in this section covers this financial year and the
previous (January to December; 2023 and 2024).

METHODOLOGY

The emissions included in this report have been calculated using the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol Corporate
Accounting and Reporting Standard (revised edition). The boundaries of the GHG inventory are defined using
the operational control approach. Emissions factors are sourced from the UK Government GHG Conversion
Factors for Company Reporting under the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero (DESNZ) to convert
activity data into tC02e emissions.

This year we have maintained our reporting scope to cover emissions from our purchased electricity, business
trips in employee-owned vehicles or hire cars (grey fleet) and Gilead's fleet. As such the report will cover
emissions across the following:

* Scope 1 - Company-owned vehicles mileage.

+ Scope 2 - Generation of purchased electricity.

* Scope 3 - Business mileage in employee-owned vehicles and hire cars.

To reflect the environmental benefits of purchased renewable electricity, and in line with the GHG Protocol
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (revised edition) guidelines, we are reporting our emissions using
both ‘location-based’ and ‘market-based’ methods. We have also selected an intensity metric of our emissions
(tCO2e) against total floor area (m2) to allow a more effective annual comparison.

UK ANNUAL ENERGY & CARBON

Our offices at 280 High Holbom are responsible for the operational energy consumed for Gilead Sciences Ltd.
The following tables summarise energy consumption and subsequent emissions from this site.

Gilead Sciences Ltd consumed a total of 1,106 MWh in 2024 showing a ~7.6% rise in energy consumption from
2023 primarily due to an increase in electricity usage and business travel from rental or hire vehicles. This is
reflected by an increase in emissions from 215 tCO2e in 2023 to 242 tCO2e in 2024, Table 1 shows the
consumption of energy from different emission sources. There is no natural gas consumed on site.

Page 8

Gilead Sciences Limited

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

Annual Energy Consumption (MWh) — Category Total 2023 Total 2024 % Change YoY
Company-owned vehicles Scope 1 125 29 71

Electricity Scope 2 414 472 +14

Business travel (grey fleet) Scope 3 489 605 +24

Total MWh 1,028 1,106 476

Table 1 showing total energy (MWh) from Scope 1, 2 & 3 sources in 2023 and 2024 for Gilead Sciences
International Ltd

Table 2 shows a summary of our annual emissions across Scopes 1,2 and 3 in line with our SECR reporting
boundary. It shows emissions calculated both using market- and location-based methodologies. The electricity
supply purchase is 100% renewable, which is reflected in market-based calculations.

Location-based Emissions (tCO2e) Category Total 2023 Total 2024 % Change YoY
Company-owned vehicles Scope 1 18 7 -61

Electricity Scope 2 86 98 +14

Business travel (grey fleet) Scope 3 11 137 423

Total tCO2e 215 242 +12
Market-based Emissions (tCO2e) Category Total 2023 Total 2024 % Change YoY
Company-owned vehicles Scope 1 18 7 -61

Electricity Scope 2 - - 0

Business travel (grey fleet) Scope 3 eet 137 +23

Total tCO2e 129 144 +11

Table 2 showing the annual tCO2e emissions (location & market) for Gilead Sciences Ltd at 280 High Holborn.

This year, we have improved our emissions intensity ratio reporting to reflect separate metrics for transport
(tC02e /mile) and buildings (tC02e/m2) for better compatibility moving forward.

Category Intensity ratio
Building 0.0377
Transport . 0.000262

Table 3 showing total annual emissions (tCO2e) against total office floor area (m2) and distance travelled
(mile)

Page 9

Gilead Sciences Limited

Directors' Report for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

ENERGY EFFICIENCY MEASURES

At Gilead Sciences Ltd we are committed to tracking and reducing our carbon footprint globally to help
minimise our environmental impact. By measuring and evaluating our corporate energy use at a site level we
can both inform our global energy management strategy and assess energy efficiency site-by-site.

To enhance energy efficiency at High Holborn, we are implementing a series of measures aimed at reducing
energy consumption:

+ As part of our lighting strategy, we will coordinate with Simmtronic on their next visit to adjust motion sensor
activation times from 15 minutes to 5 minutes.

* In collaboration with IT,we will reduce the sleep mode activation time for D10 TVs in meeting rooms from a
few hours to 1 hour.

+ Additionally, we will engage a Mitsubishi engineer to investigate and resolve the BMS system issues to enable
scheduling for the Airconditioning units, preventing them from running 24/7.

+ To further enhance efficiency, we will install programmable thermostats that automatically adjust temperature
settings based on occupancy patterns, ensuring optimal heating and cooling.

* We will ensure a phased transition to energy-efficient appliances by replacing old heating systems, water
heaters, and other appliances with energy-efficient models.

+ Smart building technologies will be incorporated into our operation such as loT sensors to optimise heating,
lighting, and overall energy usage based on real-time data.

+ Employee engagement remains a key pillar, with awareness programs designed to educate employees about
energy-saving practices, such as turning off equipment when not in use and using natural light whenever
possible.

+ Finally, we will conduct regular energy audits to identify and address additional opportunities for overall
energy efficiency improvement.

Approved by the Board on 10 September 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

‘DocuSigned by:

a Pa

ESSOFEABSFSENEA:
J Peche

Director

Page 10

Gilead Sciences Limited
Statement of Directors' Responsibilities

The directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the Annual Report and the financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the
directors have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Accounting
Standards (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 'Reduced Disclosure
Framework’ ('FRS 101'). Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they
are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of
the company for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

+ select suitable accounting policies and apply them consistently;
+ make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

* state whether FRS 101 has been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the
financial statements; and

* prepare the financial statements on the going concem basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the
company will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company
and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also
responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention
and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

Page 11

ss
EY

Shape the future
with confidence

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF GILEAD SCIENCES LIMITED

We have audited the financial statements of Gilead Sciences Limited for the year ended 31 December
2024 which comprise which comprise the statement of comprehensive income, the balance sheet, the
statement of changes in equity and the related notes 1 to 25, including material accounting policy
information. The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law
and United Kingdom Accounting Standards including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework” (United
Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

In our opinion, the financial statements:

© give a true and fair view of the company’s affairs as at 31 December 2024 and of its profit for the
year then ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice; and

* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's
responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the
company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
statements in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis
of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events
or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to
continue as a going concern for a period of 12 months from when the financial statements are authorised
for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described

in the relevant sections of this report. However, because not all future events or conditions can be
predicted, this statement is not a guarantee as to the company's ability to continue as a going concern.

Page 12

=
EY

‘Shape the future
with confidence

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF GILEAD SCIENCES LIMITED
(Continued)

Other information

The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information
contained within the annual report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent
otherwise explicitly stated in this report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information
is materially inconsistent with the financial statements, or our knowledge obtained in the course of the
audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or
apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise to a material
misstatement in the financial statements themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

« — the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year for which
the financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

e — the strategic report and directors’ report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the
course of the audit, we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report or directors’
report.

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006
requires us to report to you if, in our opinion:

e adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

e the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

e certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit

Page 13

=
EY

‘Shape the future
with confidence

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF GILEAD SCIENCES LIMITED
(Continued)

Responsibilities of directors

As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement set out on page 11, the directors are
responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and
fair view, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these financial statements.

Explanation as to what extent the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities,
including fraud

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design
procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect irregularities, including fraud. The
tisk of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one
resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional
misrepresentations, or through collusion. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting
irregularities, including fraud is detailed below. However, the primary responsibility for the prevention and
detection of fraud rests with both those charged with governance of the entity and management.

+ We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that are applicable to the
company and determined that the most significant are FRS 101, Companies Act 2006 and relevant
tax compliance regulations in the UK. In addition, we concluded that there are certain significant
laws and regulations that may influence the determinations of the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements such as those laws and regulations relating to health and safety, employee
matters, environmental and bribery and corruption practices.

+ We understood how Gilead Sciences Limited is complying with those frameworks by making
enquiries of management. We corroborated our enquiries through reading the board minutes, and
we noted that there was no contradictory evidence.

Page 14

2
EY

‘Shape the future
with confidence

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF GILEAD SCIENCES LIMITED
(Continued)

Explanation as to what extent the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities,

including fraud (continued)

+ We assessed the susceptibility of the company’s financial statements to material misstatement,
including how fraud might occur by inquiry of management, those charged with governance and
others within the entity, as to whether they have knowledge of any actual or suspected fraud. Where
the risk was considered higher, we performed audit procedures to address the fraud risk. These
procedures included testing manual journals and were designed to provide reasonable assurance
that the financial statements were free from material misstatement.

+ Based on this understanding we designed our audit procedures to identify noncompliance with such
laws and regulations. Our procedures involved reading board minutes to identify any non-compliance
with laws and regulations and enquiries of management.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the
Financial Reporting Council's website at https://www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description
forms part of our auditor's report.

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part
16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the
company’s members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other
purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other
than the company and the company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the
opinions we have formed.

asl
2 & hag

Owen Smithers (Senior statutory auditor)
for and on behalf of Ernst & Young, Statutory Auditor
Cork

11 September 2025

Page 15

Gilead Sciences Limited

Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2024 2023

Note £000 £000

Turnover 4 276,958 251,627
Cost of sales (201,653 176,785.
Gross profit 75,305 74,842
Share-based payments 20 (5,520) (5,787)
Other expenses (58,751) 58,955
Administrative expenses (64,271) (64,742)
Operating profit 5 11,034 10,100
Interest receivable and similar income 8 4,028 2,896
Interest payable and similar expenses 9 (348) (30)
3,680 2,866

Profit before tax 14,714 12,966
Tax on profit 10 (3,698) (3,277)
Profit for the year 11,016 9,689
Total comprehensive income for the year ois 9,689

All amounts reported in the Statement of Comprehensive Income relate to continuing operations.

The notes on pages 19 to 39 form an integral part of these financial statements.
Page 16

Gilead Sciences Limited

(Registration number: 2543818)
Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2024

Fixed assets
Tangible assets
Right of use assets

Current assets

Stocks

Debtors

Cash at bank and in hand

Creditors: Amounts falling due within one year

Net current assets

Total assets less current liabilities

Creditors: Amounts falling due after more than one year
Provisions for liabilities

Net assets

Capital and reserves
Called up share capital
Profit and loss account

Shareholders’ funds

Approved by the Board on 10 September 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

‘DocuSigned by:

Director

Note

ll

13
14
15

16

16
17

18

31 December 31 December

2024 2023
£000 £000
20 146
6,451 7,947
6,471 8,093
23,399 9,024
107,215 65,516
34,716 82,659
165,330 157,199
(127,442) (127,075)
37,888 30,124
44,359 38,217
(4,912) (6,558)
(1,342) (1,093)
38,105 30,566
38,105 30,566
38,105 30,566

The notes on pages 19 to 39 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 17

Gilead Sciences Limited

Statement of Changes in Equity for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

At January 2023,
Profit for the year

Total comprehensive income

Dividends

‘Tax on share based payment credited to equity
Share based payment transactions

At31 December 2023

‘At I January 2024
Profit for the year

Total comprehensive income

Dividends

Tax on share based payment credited to equity
Share based payment transactions

At31 December 2024

Note

2
10
20

Note

2
10
20

Share capital
£000

Share capital
£000

‘The notes on pages 19 to 39 form an integral part of these financial statements.

Page 18

Profit & Loss
‘Account
£000

24,317

9,689

9,689

(9,260)
33
5,787

30,566

Profit & Loss
‘Account
£000

30,566
11,016
11,016
(9,689)

692

5,520

38,105

Total
£000
24,317
9,689

9,689

(9,260)
33

5,787

30,566

Total
£000

30,566

11,016

11,016
(9,689)
692


Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

1 General information
The Company is a private company limited by share capital, incorporated and domiciled in England.

The address of its registered office is:
280 High Holborn

London

WC1V 7EE

These financial statements were authorised for issue by the board on 10 September 2025.

2 Accounting policies

Summary of material accounting policies and key accounting estimates
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

Basis of preparation
These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 ("FRS 101")
Reduced Disclosure Framework and in accordance with applicable accounting standards.

The results of GSL are included in the consolidated financial statements of Gilead for the year ended 31
December 2024. Copies of these consolidated accounts may be obtained from its registered office: 333 Lakeside
Drive, Foster City, California, USA.

The Company's financial statements are presented in Sterling, which is also the Company's functional currency
and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand pounds (£'000) except when otherwise indicated.

Going concern
The Company is expected to continue to generate positive cash flows on its own account for the foreseeable
future.

The Company and its ultimate parent company have considerable financial resources together with a customer
base which is predominantly comprised of the UK Government NHS Hospital sector. Demand for the
Company's medicines is strong and each of the products maintains clinical support through recognised clinical
guidelines relevant to the particular therapeutic area. As a consequence, the directors believe that the Company
is well placed to manage its business risks successfully.

The directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has adequate resources to continue in operational

existence for a period of twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements. Thus they
continue to adopt the going concer basis of accounting in preparing the annual financial statements.

Page 19

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Summary of disclosure exemptions
In these financial statements, the company has taken advantage of the exemptions available under FRS 101 in
respect of the following disclosures:

* The requirements of paragraphs 45(b) and 46 to 52 of IFRS 2 - ‘Share-based payments’
* The requirements of paragraphs 91 to 99 of IFRS 13 - ‘Fair value measurement’

+ The requirements of the second sentence of paragraph 110 and paragraphs 113(a), 114, 115, 118, 119(a) to
(0), 120 to 127 and 129 of IFRS 15 - ‘Revenue from Contracts with Customers’

+ The requirements of paragraph 52, the second sentence of paragraph 89, and paragraphs 90, 91 and 93 of
LERS 16 - ‘Leases’

* The requirements of paragraph 38 of IAS 1 - ‘Presentation of financial statements’ (comparative information
requirements in respect of):

* The requirements of [AS 7 - ‘Statement of cash flows’

* The requirements of paragraphs 30 and 31 of LAS 8 - ‘Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates
and errors’

* The requirements of paragraph 17 and 18A of IAS 24 - ‘Related party disclosures’

* The requirements of IAS 24 - ‘Related party disclosures’ (to disclose related party transactions entered into
between two or more members of a group)

Changes in accounting policy
None of the standards, interpretations and amendments effective for the first time from 1 January 2024 have had
a material effect on the financial statements.

Revenue recognition
Turnover

The Company earns revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical product. This revenue is recognised in the
accounting period in which control of the product has been transferred, at an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for fulfilling its performance obligations to
customers. The Company also earns revenue from the provision of services relating to support provided to other
group undertakings. This revenue is recognised in the accounting period in which the services are rendered at an
amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for fulfilling its
performance obligations to customers.

The principles in IFRS 15 are applied to revenue recognition criteria using the following 5 step model:

1. Identify the contracts with the customer

2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract

3. Determine the transaction price

4, Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
5. Recognise revenue when or as the entity satisfies its performance obligations

Page 20

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Foreign currency transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded at the functional currency rate prevailing at the date of
the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated into the
respective functional currency of the entity at the rates prevailing on the reporting period date. Non-monetary
items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on
the initial transaction dates.

Non-monetary items measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Tax

The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit or loss, except that
a change attributable to an item of income or expense recognised as other comprehensive income is also
recognised directly in other comprehensive income.

The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of tax rates and laws that have been enacted or
substantively enacted by the reporting date in the countries where the company operates and generates taxable
income.

Deferred income tax is recognised on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and
liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements and on unused tax losses or tax credits in the
company. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the reporting date and is measured on an undiscounted basis. Deferred income tax assets are
recognised only to the extend that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible
temporary differences, carried forward tax credits or tax losses can be utilised.

Amendments to LAS 12 ‘International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules:

On 23 May 2023, the International Accounting Standards Board (‘IASB’) issued amendments to [AS 12
‘International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules’, which became effective immediately and were approved
for adoption by all members of the UK Endorsement Board on 19 July 2023. On 20 June 2023, legislation was
substantively enacted in the UK to introduce the OECD’s Pillar Two global minimum tax rules and a UK
qualified domestic minimum top-up tax, with effect from 1 January 2024. The Company has applied the IAS 12
exception from recognising and disclosing information on associated deferred tax assets and liabilities.

Tangible assets
Property, plant and equipment is stated in the Balance Sheet at cost, less any subsequent accumulated
depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

The cost of property, plant and equipment includes directly attributable incremental costs incurred in their
acquisition and installation.

The carrying values of tangible fixed assets are reviewed for impairment if events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable and are written down immediately to their recoverable
amount. Useful lives and residual values are reviewed annually and where adjustments are required these are
made prospectively.

An item of tangible fixed assets is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected

to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the derecognition of the asset is included
in the Statement of Comprehensive Income in the period of derecognition.

Page 21

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Depreciation
Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost of assets, other than assets under construction, on a
straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

Asset class Depreciation method and rate
Leasehold improvements over the period of the lease
Computer equipment over 3 - 7 years

Fixtures and fittings over 6 years

Assets under construction not depreciated

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and call deposits, and other short-term highly liquid
investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of
changes in value.

Trade debtors

Trade debtors are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in the ordinary
course of business. If collection is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business
if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

Trade debtors are recognised initially at the transaction price. They are subsequently measured at amortised cost
using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment. A provision for the impairment of trade
debtors is established when there is objective evidence that the company will not be able to collect all amounts
due according to the original terms of the debtors.

The Company must assess whether their accounts receivable are collectible from customers. Accordingly, the
Company establishes an allowance for estimated expected credit losses. This is based on an assessment of the
Company's historical experiences of non-payment, taking into consideration customer credit worthiness, current
economic trends and the use of assumptions about the probability of default and expected loss rates.

Stock
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out
(FIFO) method.

The cost of finished goods comprises direct materials and, where applicable, direct labour costs and those
overheads that have been incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. At each
reporting date, inventories are assessed for impairment. If inventory is impaired, the carrying amount is reduced
to its selling price less costs to complete and sell; the impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or
loss.

Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past
event, it is probable that the group will be required to settle that obligation and a reliable estimate can be made
of the amount of the obligation.

Provisions are measured at the directors’ best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the
reporting date and are discounted to present value where the effect is material.

Page 22

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Leases
Initial recognition and measurement

The Company initially recognises a lease liability for the obligation to make lease payments and a right-of-use
asset for the right to use the underlying asset for the lease term.

The lease liability is measured at the present value of the lease payments to be made over the lease term.

The lease payments include fixed payments, purchase options at exercise price (where payment is reasonably
certain), expected amount of residual value guarantees, termination option penalties (where payment is
considered reasonably certain) and variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate.

The right-of-use asset is initially measured at the amount of the lease liability, adjusted for lease prepayments,
lease incentives received, the Company’s initial direct costs (e.g., commissions) and an estimate of restoration,
removal and dismantling costs.

Subsequent measurement

After the commencement date, the Company measures the lease liability by:

(a) Increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability;

(b) Reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made; and

(c) Re-measuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or lease modifications or to reflect revised in
substance fixed lease payments or on the occurrence of other specific events.

Interest on the lease liability in each period during the lease term is the amount that produces a constant periodic
rate of interest on the remaining balance of the lease liability. Interest charges are included in finance cost in the
income statement, unless the costs are included in the carrying amount of another asset applying other
applicable standards. Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of the lease liability, are
included in operating expenses in the period in which the event or condition that triggers them arises.

The related right-of-use asset is accounted for using the Cost model in IAS 16 and depreciated and charged in
accordance with the depreciation requirements of IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment. Right-of-use assets are
depreciated on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease. Adjustments are made to the carrying value of the
right of use asset where the lease liability is re-measured in accordance with the above. Right of use assets are
tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of assets as disclosed in the accounting policy in
impairment.

Short term and low value leases

The Company has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of low-value assets and short
term leases. The Company recognises the lease payments associated with the leases as an expense on a
straight-line basis over the lease term.

Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Equity instruments are measured at the fair value of the cash or other
resources received or receivable, net of the direct costs of issuing the equity instruments. If payment is deferred
and the time value of money is material, the initial measurement is on a present value basis.

Dividends
Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Company’s financial
statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s shareholders.

Page 23

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2. Accounting policies (continued)

Defined contribution pension obligation

A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which fixed contributions are paid into a separate entity and
has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to
pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current and prior periods.

For defined contribution plans contributions are paid to publicly or privately administered pension insurance
plans on a mandatory or contractual basis. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expense when
they are due. If contribution payments exceed the contribution due for service, the excess is recognised as an
asset.

Research and development

Research and development expenditure is written off as incurred, except that development expenditure incurred
on an individual project is carried forward when its future recoverability can reasonably be regarded as assured.
Any expenditure carried forward is amortised in line with the expected future sales from the related project.

Share based payments

The ultimate parent company, Gilead, operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan, under which
the entity receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (options & restricted stock
units) of the entity. The fair value of the employee services received is measured by reference to the estimated
fair value at the grant date of equity instruments granted and is recognised as an expense over the vesting period.

Restricted stock units are awarded and fully vest (i.e. all restrictions lift) after four years, with 25% vesting after
one year and each year thereafter over the remainder of the four year period for any restricted stock units
granted prior to 2021. Restricted stock units granted from 2021 onwards also fully vest after four years however
they now vest at quarterly intervals after the initial year. Share options fully vest over a period of four years,
with 25% of the options vesting each year over the four year period. The estimafed fair value of an option
granted is calculated by an external valuer using an appropriate pricing model. The total amount expensed is
recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all the specified vesting conditions are to be
satisfied.

The Company also operates a stock purchase plan whereby eligible employees may contribute up to 15% of

their salary (subject to a salary cap), on an after-tax basis, to purchase common stock at a discount from the
market price on the date of purchase.

Page 24

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2 Accounting policies (continued)

Financial Instruments

Financial assets - recognition and measurement

Financial assets are recognised when the entity becomes a party to the contract and, as a consequence, has a
legal right to receive cash.

All financial assets are initially measured at fair value plus, in the case of financial assets not recorded at fair
value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. All
recognised financial assets are subsequently measured in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value,
depending on the classification of the financial assets.

The Company classifies its financial assets in the following categories: amortised cost; at fair value through
profit or loss; or at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income. The classification depends on the purpose
for which the financial assets were acquired. Management determines the classification of its financial assets at
initial recognition.

The Company classifies its financial assets at amortised cost only if both of the following criteria are met: the
asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect the contractual cash flows, and the contractual
terms give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest. After initial measurement, such
financial assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate ("EIR") method.

Impairment of financial assets

In accordance with IFRS 9, the Company applies the expected credit loss ("ECL") model for measurement and
recognition of impairment losses on the following assets and credit risk exposures:

a) Financial assets that are debt instruments, and are measured at amortised cost e.g., loans, debt securities,
deposits, trade receivables and bank balance.

b) Trade receivables or any contractual right to receive cash or another financial asset that result from
transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 15. For trade and other receivables, the Company applies the
IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance
for all trade receivables.

Financial liabilities - recognition and measurement

All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs, The Company’s financial liabilities comprise of trade
creditors, amounts owed to group undertakings and accruals.

The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, either as financial liabilities
at fair value through profit or loss; or amortised cost. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
include financial liabilities held for trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair
value through profit or loss. Loans and borrowings are measured at amortised cost.

Page 25

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

2 Accounting policies (continued)

De-recognition

A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires.
When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms,
or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the
de-recognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective
carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

Offsetting financial instruments

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the balance sheet where there is a
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or
realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

3 Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported for assets and liabilities as at the balance sheet date and the amounts reported
for revenues and expenses during the year. However, the nature of estimation means that actual outcomes could
differ from those estimates.

The following judgements (apart from those involving estimates) have had the most significant effect on
amounts recognised in the financial statements:

Rebate Provisions

During the normal course of business the Company enters into contracts with relevant Health Bodies. These
contracts contain provisions for rebates to be awarded when certain conditions are met. Provisions for these
rebates recognised at the balance sheet date are based on management's best estimate of the rebate owed taking
into account sales under the contract and historic trends of events which give rise to rebate conditions.

Other Accruals

Management have applied judgment, in the course of recording the year end general accruals, in order to make
estimates based on the most recent available information as at the time of preparation of these financial
statements. There is some estimation uncertainty inherent in this process and actual expense may vary from
amount accrued for this reason.

Taxation
Management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based
upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits.

Page 26

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

4 Turnover

The analysis of the Company's turnover for the year from continuing operations is as follows:
2024
£000
265,955
11,003

Sale of goods - United Kingdom
Supply of services - Republic of Ireland

Contract Balances:

2023
£000
238,005
13,622

251,627

There were no material contract assets or contract liabilities as at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2024.

Revenues Recognised from Performance Obligation Satisfied in Prior Periods:

There were no revenues recognised from performance obligations satisfied in prior periods as at 31 December

2024 and 1 January 2024.

S Operating profit
Arrived at after charging:

Research and development cost

Auditors remuneration - audit services

Auditors remuneration - other assurance

Depreciation expense

Depreciation on right of use assets - machinery

Depreciation on right of use assets - property

Operating lease expense - plant and machinery

Expense of variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities
Cost of stocks recognised as an expense

Foreign exchange (gains)/losses

Page 27

2024
£000

@)

35

i

126

40

1,456

34

201,353
—__ 14)

2023
£000

6

25

1
268
40
1,133
5

50

176,584
7

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

6 = Staff costs

The aggregate payroll costs were as follows:

2024 2023

£000 £000
Wages and salaries 25,724 25,664
Social security costs 4,895 4,910
Pension costs, defined contribution scheme 1,431 1,431
Redundancy costs 549 244
Share-based payment expenses 5,520 5,787

38,119 38,036

The average number of persons employed by the Company during the year, analysed by category was as
follows:

2024 2023

No. No.

Administration and support 25 25
Sales, marketing and medical 164 170
189 195

7 Directors' remuneration

During the year the number of directors who were receiving benefits and share incentives was as follows:

2024 2023
No. No.
Received or were entitled to receive shares under long term incentive
schemes 1 -
Accruing benefits under money purchase pension scheme 1

In respect of the highest paid director, who is the only director whose remuneration is paid by the company:

2024 2023
£000 £000
Remuneration 83 -

During the year the highest paid director received or was entitled to receive shares under a long term incentive
scheme.

Page 28

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

7 Directors' remuneration (continued)

Directors’ emoluments:

The directors J Dorling and J Jorden, members of the Leadership team, received their remuneration from the
ultimate parent company Gilead. No specific recharge is made by Gilead in respect of their qualifying services
to GSL and they do not believe that it is practicable to apportion their remuneration between their services as
directors of the Company (which they believe to be negligible) and their services as senior leaders of the
ultimate parent company. Therefore there is no disclosure of directors’ emoluments in respect of these directors.

J Comiskey is a director of fellow group subsidiary, Gilead Sciences Europe Limited ("GSEL"). Her total
emoluments are disclosed in the financial statements of that company, which are publicly available. The
directors do not believe that it is practicable to apportion the remuneration of J Comiskey between services as
director of the Company and services as director of GSEL. H Stiicker is a director of fellow group subsidiary,
Gilead Sciences GmbH. The directors do not believe that it is practicable to apportion the remuneration of H
Sticker between his services as director of the Company and services as director of Gilead Sciences GmbH.

8 Interest receivable and similar income

2024 2023
£000 £000
Interest income on bank deposits 4,028 2,896
9 Interest payable and similar expenses
2024 2023
£000 £000
Interest expense on leases - Property 348 30
10 Income tax
Tax charged in the statement of comprehensive income
2024 2023
£000 £000
Current taxation
UK corporation tax 3,684 3,296
UK corporation tax adjustment to prior periods 31 7
3,715 3,303
Deferred taxation
Arising from origination and reversal of temporary differences (17) 43
Arising from changes in tax rates and laws - (60)
Arising from previously unrecognised tax loss, tax credit or temporary
difference of prior periods - 9
Total deferred taxation (17) (26)
Tax expense in the statement of comprehensive income 3,698 3,277

Page 29

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

10 Income tax (continued)

The tax on profit before tax for the year is lower than the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK (2023 -

higher than the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK) of 25% (2023 - 23.52%).

The differences are reconciled below:

Profit before tax

Corporation tax at standard rate

Increase/(decrease) in current tax from unrecognised temporary
difference from a prior period

Increase from effect of expenses not deductible in determining taxable
profit

(Decrease)/increase from effect of exercise employee share options
Decrease from changes in tax provisions due to legislation

Decrease from employee share acquisition relief

Total tax charge

Factors which may affect future tax charges:

2024 2023
£000 £000
14,714 12,966
3,678 3,050
31 2)
9 129
(20) 460
- (60)
- (300)

3,698 3,277

As disclosed in our Accounting Policies on page 21, on 20 June 2023, legislation was substantively enacted in
the UK to introduce the OECD's Pillar Two global minimum tax rules and a UK qualified domestic minimum
top-up tax, with effect from 1 January 2024. Under the legislation, a top-up tax liability arises where the
effective tax rate of the Company’s operations in the UK, calculated using principles set out in the Pillar Two
legislation, is below 15%. As the Company’s Pillar Two effective tax rate remains above 15%, the new rules do

not have a material impact on the tax charge for the Company.

Page 30

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

10 Income tax (continued)

Deferred tax
Deferred tax movement during the year:

At 1 January

2024
£000
Accelerated tax depreciation 102
Temporary differences trading 8
Share-based payment 1,943
2,053

At
Recognised in Recognised in 31 December
income equity 2024

£000 £000 £000

7 : 109

(8) - :

18 150 211

7 150 2,220

The net credit to equity for the year of £692,000 as per the statement of changes in equity, comprised of a credit
of £542,000 for current tax on share-based payment plus a credit. of £150,000 for deferred tax on share based

payments.

Deferred tax movement during the prior year:

At

At 1 January Recognised in Recognised in 31 December

2023 income equity 2023

£000 £000 £000 £000

Accelerated tax depreciation 82 20 - 102
Temporary differences trading 7 1 - 8
Share-based payment 2,310 5 (372) 1,943
2,399 26 (372) 2,053

The net credit to equity for the prior year of £33,000 as per the statement of changes in equity comprised of a
credit of £405,000 for current tax on share-based payments less a charge of £372,000 for deferred tax on

share-based payments.

Page 31

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

11 Tangible assets

Cost or valuation
At | January 2024
Disposals

At 31 December 2024

Depreciation

At | January 2024
Charge for the year
Eliminated on disposal

At 31 December 2024
Carrying amount

At 31 December 2024
At 31 December 2023

Leasehold
improvements
£000

2,361

2,361

2,256
105

2,361

105

Computer Fixtrues &
equipment Fittings Total
£000 £000 £000
272 357 2,990
an : (17)
255 357 2,973
231 357 2,844
21 - 126
(ee) - (17)
235 357 2,953
20 - 20
41 - 146

Page 32

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

12 Right of use assets

Cost or valuation

At | January 2023
Additions during the year
Disposals

At 31 December 2023
At 1 January 2024
Disposals

At 31 December 2024
Depreciation

At 1 January 2023
Charge for year
Eliminated on disposal
At 31 December 2023
At 1 January 2024
Charge for the year
Eliminated on disposal
At 31 December 2024
Carrying amount

At 31 December 2024

At 31 December 2023

Machinery Property Total
£000 £000 £000
121 6,014 6,135
29 TAI8& 7,447
(13) = 13)
137 13,432 13,569
137 13,432 13,569
(15) - (15)
122 13,432 13,554
44 4,418 4,462
40 1,133 1,173
13) - 13)
mi 5,551 5,622
7 5,551 5,622
40 1,456 1,496
15 - 15
96 7,007 7,103
26 6,425 6,451
66 7,881 7,947

Page 33

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

13 Stock
31 December
2024
£000
Finished goods and goods for resale
23,399

14 Trade and other debtors
31 December

2024
Note £000
Amounts falling due within one year:
Trade debtors 51,961
Amounts owed by group undertakings 653
Corporation tax receivable 50,979
Prepayments 1,382
Other debtors __20
104,995
Amounts falling due after more than one year:
Deferred tax assets 10 2,220

107,215

Details of non-current trade and other debtors

31 December
2023
£000

9,024

31 December
2023
£000

19,586
141
42,471
1,256
9

63,463

2,053

65,516

£2,220,000 (2023: £2,053,000) of deferred tax assets are classified as non current as amounts fall due after more

than one year.

All amounts owed by group undertakings are unsecured, interest free and are repayable on demand.

15 Cash at bank and in hand

31 December
2024
£000

Cash at bank 34,716

Page 34

31 December
2023
£000

82,659

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

16 Trade and other creditors

31 December
2024
Note £000
Amounts due within one year:

Trade creditors 2,164
Amounts due to group undertakings 56,684
Social security and other taxes 8,451
Current portion of long term lease liabilities 21 1,724
Accrued expenses 58,419
127,442

Amounts due after more than one year:
Long term lease liabilities 21 4,912

12

31 December
2023
£000

1,379
43,307
11,187

1,208
69,994

127,075

At 31 December 2024, the Company had no contractual future payments (2023: £Nil). The amounts owed to

trade creditors and group undertakings are unsecured, interest free and are repayable on demand.

17 Provision for liabilities

Employee
benefits

£000

At | January 2024 1,093

Increase in existing provisions 249
At 31 December 2024 1,342
Current liabilities 1,342

Total
£000

1,093
249

1,342
1,342

Provision has been made for National Insurance contributions on outstanding share awards, granted under
unapproved share award schemes that are expected to be exercised. The provision has been calculated at the
latest enacted National Insurance rate, applied to the difference between the market price of the underlying
shares at the balance sheet date (2024: $92.37, 2023: $81.01) and their exercise price, and allocated over the

period from the date of grant to the end of the performance period.

Page 35

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

18 Share capital

Allotted, called up and fully paid shares

31 December 31 December
2024 2023
No. £ No. £
Ordinary Shares of £1 each 2 2 2 2

19 Pension and other schemes

Defined contribution pension scheme

The Company operates a defined contribution pension scheme. The pension cost charge for the year represents
contributions payable by the Company to the scheme and amounted to £1,431,000 (2023: £1,431,000).

20 Share-based payments

‘The expense recognised for share-based payments of employee services received during the year is £5,520,000
(2023: £5,787,000), all of which arises from equity settled share-based payment transactions

Restricted Stock Units
Scheme details and movements

Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) are granted to certain employees as part of the annual employee equity
compensation review program. RSUs are share awards that entitle the holder to receive freely tradable shares of
common stock upon vesting.

RSUs vest rateably over four years from the date of grant, as described in the accounting policies.

The expense is recognised on a straight-line basis over the vesting period taking into account estimated
forfeitures, based on historical experience.

The movements in the number of RSUs during the year were as follows:
31 December 31 December

2024 2023

No. No.
Exercised during the period 94,364 102,879
Outstanding, end of period 185,136 196,443

The movements in the weighted average exercise price of RSUs during the year were as follows:

Page 36

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

20 Share-based payments (continued)
31 December 31 December

2024 2023
£
Exercised during the period 55.27
Outstanding, end of period 58.09

Employee Share Purchase Plan
Scheme details and movements

The Company operates a stock purchase plan whereby eligible employees may contribute up to 15% of their
salary, on an after-tax basis, to purchase common stock at a discount from the market price on the date of
purchase.

Share Options
Scheme details and movements

The Company’s share option plan provides for option grants designated as either non-qualified or incentive
options. All options are exercisable over a period not to exceed the contractual term of ten years from the date
the options are issued and are granted at prices not less than the fair market value of common stock on the grant
date. Share option exercises are settled with common shares from the plan's previously authorised and available
pool of shares.

Share options vest after 4 years, with 25% vesting at the end of the first year and every year thereafter over the
remainder of the 4 year period as described in the accounting policies.

The movements in the number of share options during the year were as follows:

31 December 31 December

2024 2023

No. No.

Exercised during the period - 10,442
Outstanding, end of period 41,045 32,705

Exercisable, end of period 21,744 12,338

The movements in the weighted average exercise price of share options during the year were as follows:

31 December 31 December

2024 2023

£ £

Exercised during the period - 55.51

Outstanding, end of period
Exercisable, end of period

Page 37

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

20 Share-based payments (continued)

Outstanding share options

Details of share options outstanding at the end of the year are as follows:

For the share options outstanding as at 31 December 2024, the weighted average remaining contractual life is

7.64 years (2023: 8.25 years).

The range of exercise prices for options outstanding at the end of the year was £44.26 to £66.12 (2023: £44.26

to £66.12).
Fair value of options granted

The weighted average fair value of options granted during the period at measurement date was £9.19 (2023:

£13.00).

21 Other Financial Commitments

Leases included in creditors

Current portion of long term lease liabilities
Long term lease liabilities

Maturity of leases

Within one year
In two to five years
In over five years

Page 38

31 December

31 December
2024
£000
1,724
4,912

6,636

31 December

31 December
2023

£000

1,208

6,230

328

7,166

Gilead Sciences Limited

Notes to the Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2024

21 Other Financial Commitments (continued)

Total cash outflows related to leases
Total cash outflows related to leases are presented in the table below:

31 December 31 December

2024 2023

Payment £000 £000
Right of use assets 1,475 1,642

22 Dividends

31 December 31 December

2024 2023
£000 £000
Final dividend of £4,844,500 (2023: £4,630,000) per ordinary share 9,689 9,260

23. Parent and ultimate parent undertaking
The Company's immediate parent is Gilead Sciences Ireland UC.

The ultimate parent is Gilead Sciences, Inc..

The most senior parent entity producing publicly available financial statements is Gilead Sciences, Inc.. These

financial statements are available upon request from 333 Lakeside Drive, Foster City, California, USA.

24 Related party transactions

The directors had no transactions with the Company during the year within the meaning of the Companies Act,
2006.

The Company has taken advantage of the exemption under FRS 101 from the requirements of IAS 24 Related
Party Disclosures to disclose transactions with related parties that are wholly owned by the Gilead group.

25 Non adjusting events after the financial period
There were no significant adjusting or non-adjusting events to note after the financial period.

Page 39
