Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Annual Report and Financial Statements
31 December 2024

Registered number 01653765

*AE26YCOA*

A03 09/05/2025 #46
COMPANIES HOUSE

FRIDAY


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Report and financial statements
31 December 2024

Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Officers and professional advisers

The board of directors J A Chaddock
L Millar-Kelly
A Visciglio
J Brend
1 Parsons (appointed 8 March 2024)

Company secretary L Millar-Kelly

Registered office Ash Road
Wrexham Industrial Estate
Wrexham
LL13 SUF

Auditor Constantin
25 Hosier Lane
London
EC1A9LQ


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Strategic Report
Year ended 31 December 2024

The Directors present their strategic report for the year ended 31 December 2024.
Principal activities and objectives

Ipsen Biopharm Limited manufactures and markets products and develops products and processes related to the
pharmaceutical industry and provides research and development services to affiliated companies. The objectives
of the Company are to expand the market share of its principal product, “Dysport®", by increasing its therapeutic
indications and working in conjunction with Galderma, an Alliance partner responsible for distributing Dysport®
worldwide in its aesthetic indication, Azzalure®. In addition, the Company is looking to expand its product portfolio
by acquiring new products such as Onivyde® which it acquired in 2017 and by continuing in-house development of
potential future products.

Business review

The Company's key financial performance and other indicators for the year were as follows:

2024 2023
£000 £000 % Change
Tumover: 660,832 661,765 Qo
Product sales 517,476 542,141 (5)
Services 31,584 23,883 32
Royalties 111,336 95,741 16
Other recharges and income — 436 = 100
Gross profit 456,780 484,063 (5)
Profit before tax from continuing operations 252,988 340,412 (26)
Capital expenditure 172,852 33,063 523
Gross profit as a % of turnover 69% 73% (4)
Current assets as a % of current liabilities 205% 382% (178)
Average number of employees 713 701 12
Manufacturing site frequency rate of work-related medical
incidents: No. (No. of accidents over the last 12 months x
100,000/No. of hours worked over the last 12 months) 1.10 2.08
Total waste (tonnes) 235 224
Total waste by category (%):
Hazardous (%) 20 24
Non-hazardous (%) 80 76

The Company's overall turnover is consistent with prior year with turnover from product sales impacted by price of
Intercompany sales to other group affiliates. Royalties increase are driven by royalties received from Galderma
(strong Galderma performance notably in Europe & the US) and Servier (Onivyde 1L launch in Germany / Austria
and very good dynamics of Onivyde 2L sales notably in Japan)

The Company has a defined EHS policy in place and actively monitors a variety of EHS indicators. The frequency
of reported work-related medical incidents has remained at nil due to an initiative to increase the level of awareness
amongst employees.

Due to the nature of the production facility the Company closely monitors its effect on the environment. There was.
a slight increase in overall waste production during the year and the quantity of waste destined for land fill was nil
(2023: nil).

Principal risks and uncertainties

The Company carries on business in a changing environment which poses risks for the Company that are outside
its control. The key risks and uncertainties affecting the Company relate to its products and financial position.
The directors review and agree policies for managing all such risks, which are summarised below. These policies
have remained unchanged in the current and prior financial periods. However, other risks and uncertainties of which
the Company is not aware may also have an impact on its business, financial situation or results.

-2-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
Year ended 31 December 2024

Principal risks and uncertainties (continued)

Product risk

The Company currently manufactures two products — Dysport powder and Alluzience liquid for sale to other group
companies. Should the production site become unable to produce the products for a significant period of time this
could have a negative impact on the Company's business, its financial situation or its results.

The Company’s competitors include, in particular, large international pharmaceutical groups. Consequently, the
Company is at risk from competitors introducing more effective or less expensive products used to treat the same
pathologies, or from new innovative products rendering the Company's products obsolete.

Development risk

The Company has invested in the development of a product which is still in the course of development. The
Company cannot be certain that the product will be approved by the competent regulatory authorities and that it will
be successfully marketed. Some years can elapse before a product is approved and it may be that some new
products and indications do not reach the market. The ultimate cost and success of any research and development
programme is therefore uncertain but the Company prepares budgets, plans and forecasts to actively monitor
progress during such programmes. Should the directors conclude that clinical or financial success is not
achievable within the resources available such programmes would be halted or amended in order to minimise costs.
The programmes would then be reassessed.

US Tariffs

The board of directors reviewed the impact of the reciprocal tariffs imposed by the US on the exports of goods and
services to the US applicable from 2 April 2025 at a baseline of 10%. The directors consider that there is no material
impact on the Company's financial position as Pharmaceutical products have currently been excluded. The board
of directors have put in place several mitigation plans and monitoring the situation for the company to minimise
potential future exposure.

Ongoing conflict in Ukraine

The Ipsen group is firmly committed to providing essential support and access to its treatments and medicines for
patients. Ipsen Biopharm is manufacturing Dysport for sale on both the Ukrainian and Russian markets.

The Ipsen group's position is to continue to serve patients with their healthcare needs, regardless of their country
origin and in compliance with applicable laws.

Ipsen Biopharm is continuing to sell products for the Russian and Ukrainian therapeutic market, to the Ipsen Group
on an intercompany basis. There is no noticeable impact on performance and trends, but both the Company and
the Ipsen Group continues to monitor the situation closely.

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (NFSI)

Ipsen has a long and proud history of CSR and our commitment to acting responsibly remains core to our values.
In 2022 we adapted our CSR strategy to better reflect our ambition with: Generation Ipsen — For Positive Change.
Through Generation Ipsen, we are fostering a culture of integrity and responsibility that touches every part of our
business.

A culture where we go beyond commitments, and where each of us understands the individual role we must play
in shaping positive change. We define specific goals and proactively set out how we will deliver on these - inspiring
and empowering action that will ensure we create a better, healthier world for future generations.

Generation Ipsen focuses on driving positive action across four pillars:
+ Environment (including our commitments for ‘Leading on Climate’)

+ Patients

+ People

+ Governance

Each of our pillars sets out a clear and ambitious purpose and is underpinned by specific actions that are both
tangible and visible. We are committed to transparency at every step, and continually challenge ourselves to go
beyond what is expected — doing what is right, not what is easy.


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
Year ended 31 December 2024

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (NFS!) (continued)

To implement Generation ipsen and beyond, the Group’s sustainability strategy is implemented at different levels
of the Company through a robust and mature governance system. The CSR department coordinates and aligns the
deployment of the CSR strategy within the Group, working closely with the affiliates and various departments to
align the CSR roadmap and actions with the overall business strategy of the Company.

The Board of Directors, which is strongly involved in CSR, relies in particular on the advice, proposals and
recommendations of the Ethics, Govemance and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. To reflect this
commitment, Ethics and Govemance Committee was renamed the Ethics, Governance and CSR Committee by the
Board of Directors on 31 May 2023.

The UK entities, such as Ipsen Biopharm Limited, reports statistical information to the Group who performs the
assessment process and instructs on potential risks and opportunities.

Climate change can pose several significant business risks for lpsen. These risks can impact various aspects of
our operations, supply chains, and financial performance. Here are the main business risks associated with
climate change: operations and Supply Chain Disruptions, Increased Energy Costs, Water Scarcity, Insurance
Costs, etc.

Ipsen has completed a physical climate risk analysis in partnership with AXA Climate. The climate risk too!
evaluated our current and future risks based on climate indicators per time horizon and climate change scenarios.
The scope of the assessment was all Ipsen facilities, including Ipsen Biopharm Limited, extemal manufacturing
and distribution partners and critical suppliers. This will drive key climate adaptation actions in the coming years.
However, Ipsen’s key internal manufacturing facility “multi-peril” risks were scored as low risk projected to 2050
for the SSP5-8.5 ‘pessimistic’ climate scenario. Therefore, climate adaptation will likely focus on supply chain risk
mitigation.

Ipsen sites such as Ipsen Biopharm Limited may face reputational risks if we are perceived as not taking action to
mitigate climate change or not being environmentally responsible. Consumers and investors are increasingly
concerned about the environmental impact of businesses.

Ipsen's mission is to Contribute transition to a net-zero future and limit the impacts of climate change by achieving
substantial reductions in all our direct and indirect sources of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across our value
chain (Scopes 1, 2 and 3). By committing to science-based reductions in our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions,
Ipsen is sufficiently ambitious to help keep global warming to 1.5° as called for in the Paris climate agreement.
Our near term 2030 scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emission reductions goals have been validated by SBTI, and we are
committed to work towards net zero by 2045.

Ipsen Biopharm Limited, strong contributor to lead action on climate:

-  - 100% renewable Electricity for all operations in the UK (increasing Ipsen’s group-wide use of electricity
from renewable sources to 99.8%);

-  -Reducing CO2 emissions by investing in Energy efficient utilities equipment, and moving to lower
global Warming Potential (GWP) refrigerant gases (new pumps and high efficiency motors driven by
inverters; modular Gas boiler replacement; heat loss insulation to plant room boilers and pipework, etc.);

-  -Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions reduction ambition: through its decarbonization roadmap, Ipsen is on
track to reduce by 50% Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2030 from a 2019 baseline.


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
Year ended 31 December 2024

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (NFSI) (continued)

In 2024, CO2 emissions for Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market-based) decreased by 9% vs 2019, during the same
period the production has increased by 70% (£661 million sales vs. £389 million in 2019).

CO2 emissions - Scope 1&2 (TCO2e, Market Based)

—
ae

[amar [270
[ame

+ With over £86 million invested in building manufacturing capabilities which are net zero for carbon in
Wrexham, Ipsen ensures access to life-changing treatments for hard-to-treat diseases and limits its
environmental footprint;

-  Ipsen Biopharm Limited is certified |S014001 under the Group certification, which is an intemational
standard setting out criteria for an environmental management system.

Ipsen is a global mid-size pharmaceutical Company focusing on areas of high unmet medical needs. With drugs
marketed in more than 100 countries, the Group acts to provide concrete responses to the needs and
expectations of a wide variety of stakeholders. The Group risks assessment and the CSR risks are aligned
through the materiality analysis of CSR issues. Furthermore, Ipsen has an enterprise risk management process,
which considers climate risk, and other ESG factors.

The systems for assessing risk and opportunities are managed by the Group. A full materiality assessment was
carried out in 2019, with a follow-up analysis review in 2022 following the divestiture of Consumer Health Care
activity.

In 2024, as part of the implementation of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, the Group conducted a
double materiality assessment (DMA). This assessment has been incorporated into the overall risk management
process, considering ail stages of Ipsen’s value chain, including both Ipsen's own operations and those of its
business partners. No risks have been identified specific to |psen Biopharm Limited. Risks and opportunities at a
group level are reported in the Sustainability Statement 2024.

These have helped shape the current Ipsen Non-Financial Statement and reflect Ipsen's main stakeholders’
concerns in terms of risks and expectations in terms of risk management

Following the analysis of climate-related risks and opportunities at the Group level, as outlined by the Corporate
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), no changes to the business model or strategy are anticipated for Ipsen
Biopharm Limited.

No climate-related risks or opportunities identified that could affect the value of, or retum on, investments held by
Ipsen Biopharm Limited.

Indicators and targets are published within the Ipsen Sustainability Statement as part of the Universal Registration
Document (2024).

Methodologies, progresses, indicators and targets are published within the Ipsen Sustainability Statement as part
of the Universal Registration Document (2024).


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
Year ended 31 December 2024

Statement by the directors in performance of their statutory duties in accordance with Section 172(1)
Companies Act 2006

1. OVERVIEW

The board of directors of the Company, both individually and collectively, believe they have acted in good faith, in
a way that would most likely promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its shareholders as a whole,
whilst having regard to the stakeholders and matters set out in section 172(1)(a-f) of the Act for all decisions taken
during the year ending 31 December 2024.

The board fulfils their duties partly through a governance framework that delegates day-to-day decision making to
employees who make up committees of the Company. Tasks were assigned to the UK and Ireland Sites
Management Committee, Leadership Teams, Chairman of the Board, the Directors, Finance Director, and
Company Secretary as appropriate to their functions.

Our mission, strategy, and consideration of the consequences of long-term sustainability of the business

The Company is a dynamic and growing global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company, committed to
improving people's lives through innovative medicines in oncology, neuroscience, and rare diseases. Our strong
position in Specialty Care provides the scale, expertise, and stability to make a sustainable difference for people in
a quickly evolving healthcare environment.

EMPLOYEE AND STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
2. EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

Our mission is to attract, retain, and develop our people to ensure we have the right talents for the right roles, now
and in the future. We are committed to creating and supporting a collaborative, diverse and inclusive work
environment to drive innovation and achieve our Company's core mission of improving people's lives. We are
dedicated to fostering a culture of trust and feedback based on our Ipsen Way of Being and Code of Conduct to
empower employees to act in the best interests of the Company and its stakeholders.

We operate an annual objective setting process, annual talent reviews and an annual year end performance review

process. We also ensure each employee has a robust development plan in place to facilitate ongoing personal and
professional development.

MEETINGS

We hold two Commercial Operations conferences each year with Company employees as well as regular Town.
Hall and “join the chat” events where employees have the opportunity to understand local and Group performance,
engage with senior leaders and collaborate cross-functionally. We also hold “Ipsen Live” events each quarter,
which are led by our CEO and Executive Leadership Team. All Ipsen employees globally are invited to attend to
hear more about Company updates, strategic plans and can ask questions.

EMPLOYEE ENGAGMENT SURVEY

In 2024, all employees were invited to take part in an Engagement Survey, with the aim of ensuring each
employee had an opportunity to provide feedback via an anonymised survey and to offer line managers a clear
understanding of the level of engagement across the Company and, also for their specific division. An action plan
was Created following the results reports per different teams and units to ensure our culture and engagement
evolution. We expect to measure the efficiency of the introduced actions through the Employee Experience
survey in 2024.


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
Year ended 31 December 2024

Statement by the directors in performance of their statutory duties in accordance with Section 172(1)
Companies Act 2006 (continued)

GREAT PLACE TO WORK (GPTW)

In 2022, our Slough, Milton Park, and Wrexham sites all individually entered the GPTW assessment to gain insights
into levels of employee engagement against other accredited Great Workplaces and to build a greater
understanding of our culture at lpsen. Slough, Milton Park, and Wrexham were certified as Great Places to Work in
2022, with Slough being additionally recognised as: 2022 UK Best Workplace, 2022 UK Best Workplace for
Wellbeing and 2022 UK Best Workplace for Women.

In 2023, the Slough and Wrexham sites were both awarded UK's Best Workplaces in the Large Organisations
category, UK Best Workplace for Wellbeing and UK Best Workplace for Women.

As of March 2024, we created a new UK Global Hub in Paddington, London. The UK Global Hub brings together
our office-based Milton Park and Slough colleagues under one roof, with a focus on collaboration and innovation.

As a result of the Great Place to Work campaign for the consolidated London and Wrexham population in
September 2024, Ipsen was again recognised with GPTW certification.

MENTAL HEALTH AND WELLBEING

Each of our UK and Ireland sites have a team of Mental Health Ambassadors, which is complemented by our 24/7
Employee Support Programme, Private Medical Insurance, a Wellbeing hub within our online benefits portal and
Doctor at Hand. The monthly Wellbeing Allowance is paid to all |psen employees across the UK and Ireland in their
monthly pay, so that each person can invest in their physical and mental health. We also offer on-site yoga, reiki,
wellbeing days, etc., which are all funded by Ipsen.

Our iLearn — online leaming platform (also with unlimited LinkedIn leaming resources) provides an opportunity to
get access to education on how to manage stress, bumout, anxiety for employees individually but also as managers
for our teams. All employees are encouraged to take time out and book annual leave. Employees are encouraged
to have shorter calls and breaks in between the calls. lpsen also promotes keeping fit through the Ipsen in Motion
programme and the United Heroes App.

Ipsen offers flexible working hours to accommodate domestic requirements. We now have a Hybrid Work Model in
place to enable employees to work together in person on-site, at customer meetings, team meetings, congresses,
etc. for part of the week, and then work from home for the remainder of their working week. We also provide
guidance and ensure that each employee has opportunities to collaborate, leam from others and innovate together.

Since 2024, London has had in place a wellbeing roadmap to drive prevention of, early intervention in and
community support relating to mental health and well-being issues.

LEARNING & DEVELOPMENT

Ipsen fosters a culture of learning and development, through our corporate values (“We Learn and Share Everyday’)
and by implementing a blended leaming approach, which focuses on Experience, Exposure and Education: each
employee is encouraged to have an annual Development discussion and create a plan with their line manager,
which is then documented in our HRIS system. We encourage and enable greater internal mobility, provide short
term assignment opportunities, access to the mentoring programme and continue to offer a broad range of training
programmes, which cover topics such as leadership development, product training, customer engagement, Insights
Discovery, 360 assessments with executive coach debrief and workshops focused on creating high performing
teams and building a culture of feedback and psychological safety. At a division and country level, succession
planning, and talent management discussions are held throughout the organisation to maximise development and
internal mobility. During May and June, we organise the Season of Development, to support personal and
professional career growth.


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
Year ended 31 December 2024

Statement by the directors in performance of their statutory duties in accordance with Section 172(1)
Companies Act 2006 (continued)
PEOPLE POLICIES

At Ipsen, we care about our people and want to support our employees when they need it most, including helping
our managers to support their teams with issues that may affect their work. Our people policies are one of the most
important ways in which we do this, and we have implemented the following changes:

All parental leave policies were reviewed during 2024 to ensure they are fully LGBTQ+ inclusive.

* Our Disciplinary, Grievance and Harassment policies were also reviewed and fully updated in 2024 to
ensure they are fully inclusive, objective, accessible and clear.

« In 2024, we introduced a Carer’s Leave policy which will be enhanced beyond the UK legal minimum later
in 2025 and again in 2026.

«In March 2025, we will be introducing an improved Bereavement Leave policy.
e — In April 2025, we will be introducing a new Neo-Natal Leave policy in line with the new legislation in UK.

While we regularly update policies based on business need or legal changes, in 2024, all of our employment policies
were formally reviewed and updated in line with a set of guiding principles agreed by the UK & Ireland HR
Leadership team. These principles were as follows:

* Inclusion

Clear and simple language

«Accessible

* Process light

 — Risk appropriate (i.e. will balance the needs of the business and our colleagues)
* Universal but flexible

* Clear Govemance

In 2025, there will be further policy reviews as the impacts of the Employment Rights Bill become clearer and the
timescales for implementation become known.

WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY

The Company is committed to the highest ethical culture and compliance standards, consequently, the business
expects employees to act according to the same standards. The Company has a Whistleblowing policy encouraging
employees to speak up and report behaviour that does not comply with the Company's Code of Conduct, ethical
principles and/or legal obligations.

DATA PRIVACY

Data privacy matters are handled by the UKI Legal function, in particular, by the dedicated Legal & Privacy Counsel
role. The UKI Legal function, with support from the Global Privacy Team, is responsible for providing guidance,
information, and other resources to support data privacy issues, as well as sending out periodic data privacy
updates to keep employees fully informed on regulations and changes. To ensure that employees are aware of the
importance of data protection, we also offer training modules for all employees through online and face-to-face
trainings, which are adapted to different functions of the business.


Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Strategic Report (continued)
Year ended 31 December 2024

Statement by the directors in performance of their statutory duties in accordance with Section 172(1)
Companies Act 2006 (continued)

GENDER PAY GAP

For 2024, we have decided to only publish the results for Ipsen Biopharm Limited, as of the three UK based Ipsen
entities, only |psen Biopharm Limited meets the government requirement of 250 employees or more. Our median
pay gap is 2.59% compared with 4.44% in 2023. We continue to work on diversity of background, experience and
thinking at all levels of the organisation. In 2024, we clarified the three pillars through which we will drive our diversity
and inclusion efforts, namely:

¢ By fostering an Inclusive Culture
« Embedding Equitable Processes
« Promoting Diverse Representation

In 2024, we ran our second inclusion survey, which included demographic data in our three Global Hubs. The
results further guided our actions and focus to improve our gender pay gap.

DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

Throughout 2024, we have continued to work on diversity of background, experience and thinking at all levels of
the organisation which we need to best serve our customers and patients. Together with Global team, we supported
the 2024 Summer Paralympics games in Paris.

In 2025 we will work towards the following:

Global mentoring programme available for everyone in the organisation to get relevant advice for career
progression;

Realising the objectives set for us as a result of feedback from our Inclusion forums, with a focus on
leadership engagement, communication, and events management to engage with the diverse population
and create more inclusive working environments within the UK and Ireland; and

¢ Diversity & Inclusion vision and mission to hamess our culture of inclusion through diverse thoughts and
perspectives. We made a commitment to integrate DE&I as part of our business strategy. In our actions
we are focusing on awareness programmes, reviewing processes to make them equitable and ensuring
we bring a diverse workforce.

We also continue to create new people policies and update existing policies and processes to ensure they are fully
inclusive.

3. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Our ability to respond to stakeholders’ expectations is a measure of our credibility and sustainability. The Company
has a transparent and regular dialogue with its stakeholders including shareholders, payors, patients and healthcare
professionals, suppliers, regulatory authorities and agencies, local communities, and the media. This allows us to
provide reliable and factual information, to pursue a constructive dialogue, develop partnerships and support patient
associations, with the ultimate goal of providing differentiated and innovative solutions that improve patients’ lives.

PATIENTS AND HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS

Ipsen maintains the highest standards in terms of safety and quality to all our products. The Company is responsibly
engaging with patients and patient organisations to ensure that we can properly understand their requirements and
manage our supply chain to safeguard medicine supply.

SHAREHOLDERS

The board of directors understand the importance of continued relationship with shareholders, it is important to us
that our shareholders understand that our strategy and objectives are aligned with the Ipsen global group (the
“Group”) and there is a consistent and ongoing dialogue between the Company and the Group.


Ipsen Biopharm Limited ‘ -
Strategic Report (continued) . “4
Year ended 31 December 2024 : ' ‘

Statement by the directors in performance of their statutory duties in accordance with Section 172(1)
Companies Act 2006 (continued)

The Company is committed to protecting the environment and minimising our impact on it by making our business
activities safe and sustainable. The effectiveness of our programme is independently verified through the Ipsen
Group certification to the international standard ISO14001:2015 — Environmental management systems.

Ipsen has identified UN Sustainable Development goal 12 “responsible consumption and production” as a material
focus of our program and drives sustainable management and efficient use of natural resources; environmentally
sound management of chemicals and all wastes throughout their life cycle; reducing waste generation through
prevention, reduction, recycling, and reuse and by adopting sustainable practices in all activities. The Ipsen Natural
Resource Preservation Project is designed to engage all manufacturing, R&D and significant office locations in
reducing energy, waste, and water intensity.

Ipsen is committed to science-based reductions in our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, sufficiently ambitious to
help keep global warming to 1.5°C as called for in the Paris climate agreement. Our near term 2030 scope 1, 2 and
3 GHG emission reductions goals have been validated by SBT!, and we are committed to work towards net zero
by 2045. Ipsen has already implemented a solid foundation of initiatives, which will be reinforced and completed by
additional actions. Considering the Company's profile in terms of GHG emissions, meeting the target will, notably,
require engaging even more with suppliers to reduce their direct emissions. As such, Ipsen has developed a
Sustainable Procurement Ambition.

Ipsen UK and Ireland's electricity is supplied from renewable sources, lowering our overall carbon footprint. HVAC.
(Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning) is the most significant energy user at manufacturing sites. Projects are
already in progress to reduce HVAC emissions across non-GMP areas. Ipsen continues to work with industry-
leading experts to develop projects and validation protocols, and to optimise HVAC carbon intensity for GMP areas.

In 2024, Wrexham pursued its energy efficiency by constructing a new Drug Product manufacturing facility, which
will feature LED lighting, enhanced natural light, high efficiency HVAC drives, and highly insulated walls. Other
important initiatives involve optimising the steam consumption and refurbishing the semi-automatic inspection
facility. This facility will adhere to modern energy-efficient standards with LED lighting and incorporate an HVAC
optimization program aimed at continuous maintenance enhancements, reliability improvements, and the use of
low-GWP replacement gases to effectively decrease refrigerant gas emissions.

Early in 2024, our operations transitioned to a new consolidated site in London, reducing the number of operating
Offices from two to one. This new London facility boasts significantly improved energy efficiency. As a result of both
the consolidation of offices and the enhanced energy efficiency, we have achieved a substantially lower carbon
footprint. This strategic move aligns with our commitment to environmental sustainability and operational efficiency.

In 2024, our Dublin site pursued strategic enhancements aimed at reducing its CO2 emissions. A notable
advancement is the installation of a heat pump, which will electrify 375 kW of natural gas heating loads by the first
quarter of 2025. Additionally, the site has deployed a 2 MW bio-diesel generator to replace three existing diesel
generators. This upgrade will ensure that 100% of the site's electrical backup power is sourced from renewable
energy, aligning with |psen's commitment to sustainable operations.

Complementing these efforts, the Dublin facility features cutting edge technologies such as a high-efficiency waste
heat recovery and reuse system, along with a low Global Warming Potential (GWP) gas chiller system, further
enhancing energy efficiency and reducing environmental impact.

The Group ‘Fleet for Future’ strategy has significantly reduced the fleet energy intensity and defined Ipsen's fleet
energy mix transition to low carbon alternatives. Ipsen has identified the opportunity to have 100% of the UK fleet
transitioned to battery electric vehicles in the future. Hybrid vehicles will be offered where the driver profile shows
potential for net reductions carbon emissions. Plugin hybrid vehicles are excluded from fleet offering and emissions
cap introduced for vehicle offering.

Ipsen protects biodiversity through a Biodiversity Strategy Plan (BSP) that has been developed to drive further
actions across the Company. Since 2021, Ipsen has been working towards:

¢ — Improving ecological surveys across all its sites,

* Developing a biodiversity strategy plan to incorporate all its actions towards achieving “Nature Positive by
2030",

* Developing a biodiversity policy and associated KPIs,
* — Setting up a site biodiversity certification system (Nature & Biodiversity Certification Scheme),

«Assessing the high-level upstream and downstream value chain impact for its product Somatuline and its
operations on site.

-10-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
Year ended 31 December 2024

Statement by the directors in performance of their statutory duties in accordance with Section 172(1)
Companies Act 2006 (continued)

Ipsen’s sites also involve themselves in community-based conservation activities as part of Ipsen's Community
Days. A range of activities were undertaken in 2024, including supporting local partnerships with extemal
conservation organisations including waste removal from local waterways and litter picking.

SUPPLIERS

The Company works in close collaboration with a wide range of suppliers whose services and goods are critical to
the performance of the Company and quality of its products. As part of the Ethics and Compliance programme, we
operate an independently managed, risk-based approach to interactions with third party suppliers. This includes
due diligence, background checks and investigations into adverse media. Where risk is identified, we look further
into the supplier to establish what compliance practices they have adopted including their code of ethics, how they
deal with concems that are raised and human rights and labour laws. Where required, we provide training and
education on our compliance and anti-corruption requirements. Due diligence also identifies sanctions against
individuals associated with the supplier.

REGULATORS

All quality processes are documented in a formal Quality Management System (QMS) that ensures full traceability
‘on every batch of product. The QMS also assures that the processes are reproducible and allows teams to
demonstrate this by means of the comprehensive internal audit. There is an established, documented, implemented
and maintenance of effective QMS in accordance with the appropriate requirement of regulations, standards, and
directives. Subject to periodic inspections by regulatory bodies with which we fully cooperate.

GOVERNMENT AND PAYORS.

The UK and Ireland Sites Steering Committee (UKISSC) is headed by the UK and Ireland General Manager. The
board has an established public affairs function where the External Affairs Director serves as Secretary on the
UKISSC (which the board of directors are members of), ensuring that Government and Payor engagement is
considered by the board and its committees.

On behalf of the board

Ale 7 24, 2025 19:59 GMT+2)

A Visciglio
Director -
24" April 2025

-M-


ipsen Biopharm Limited
Directors’ report

Year ended 31 December 2024

The directors present their report and the financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December
2024.

Directors

The directors who served the company during the year were as follows:

J A Chaddock

L Millar-Kelly

A Visciglio

J Brend

| Parsons (appointed 8 March 2024)

Results and dividends

The profit for the year from continuing operations, after taxation, amounted to £189,312k (2023: £259,040k).
The directors approved a payment of a dividend in the year of £307,000,000 (2023: £87,000,000).

Future outlook

The directors are of the view that the continued establishment of the product in therapeutic areas in the various
territories and the on-going relationship with Galderma for the aesthetic use of the Dysport® product, together with
the acquisition of Onivyde®, will generate further growth in revenue for the Company.

The directors believe that the Company's performance will continue at a satisfactory level.

Political contributions
The Company made no political contributions during the year (2023: £nil).

Existence of branches outside the UK
The Company has no branches, as defined in section 1046(3) of the Companies Act 2006, outside the UK.

Research and development

The Company continues to focus on expanding the areas in which the “Dysport®” product may be used by investing
in research and development activities and incurs costs in undertaking or sponsoring research into and
development of new products, manufacturing processes and associated technologies on behalf of itself and
affiliated companies. The directors regard investment in research and development as integral to the continuing
success of the business and in the current financial year invested £154,585,000 (2023: £97,034,000) in research
and development activity.

Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Company is exposed to financial risk through its use of financial instruments and principally to currency risk
and interest rate risk, which result from both its operating and investing activities. The Company's risk management
is coordinated at its premises, in close co-operation with the board of directors and with the Ipsen SA group to which
it belongs and focuses on actively securing the Company's short to medium term cash flows by minimising the
exposure to financial markets. The most significant financial risks to which the Company is exposed are described
below.

UK Inflation risk

The high cost of living and inflation rates in the UK may have an impact on the business. The directors are
continuously monitoring the inflationary situation and do not believe that this will have a long lasting impact on the
business.

~12-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Directors’ report (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2024

Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

Exchange rate risk

A proportion of the Company's sales are in euros or US dollars and the exchange risk arising is partly mitigated by
purchases from overseas suppliers also denominated in euros or US dollars. Funding of foreign currency or hedging
required is managed by the Ipsen SA group's treasury function, in conjunction with local management.

Price risk

The commercial success of the Company's products depends partly on the proportion of their price reimbursed by
private medical insurance companies, health insurance bodies and public healthcare programmes.

Credit risk

The Company's exposure to credit risk is limited to the carrying amount of financial assets recognised at the end of
the financial year. In respect of trade and other receivables, the Company is not exposed to any significant credit
tisk with any single counterparty or any group of counterparties having similar characteristics as these balances
principally comprise intra-group balances and amounts from Alliance partners. It is Company policy to ensure that
such amounts receivable are paid on time and the Company's management consider that these financial assets
are not impaired for each of the reporting dates under review and are of good credit quality. The credit risk for liquid
funds and other short-term financial assets is considered negligible, since the counterparties are reputable banks
with high quality external credit ratings.

None of the Company's financial assets are secured by collateral or other credit enhancements.

Interest rate risk

The Company is part of a group pooling arrangement with other group companies whereby excess funds are lent
to or deficits borrowed from other group companies. Rates of interest are set with reference to the market rates
ruling in the lender's country. At 31 December 2023, the Company is exposed to changes in market interest rates
through its lending to group companies, which are subject to the variable interest rates as detailed in note 17.

Liquidity and cash flow risk

The Company's business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its future development and position, are
set out above and the Company is expected to continue to generate positive cash flows on its own account for the
foreseeable future. The Company participates in the Ipsen SA group's centralised treasury management
arrangements and so shares banking arrangements with its parent and fellow subsidiaries.

The Company manages its liquidity needs by carefully monitoring payments for long-term financial liabilities as well
as cash outfiows due in day-to-day business. Liquidity needs are monitored in various time bands, on a day-to-
day and week-to-week basis, as well as on the basis of a rolling 30-day projection. The Company works in
conjunction with the Ipsen SA group's treasury department to maintain its cash to meet its liquidity requirements.

The directors, having assessed the responses of the directors of the Company's parent company to their enquiries,
have no reason to believe that a material uncertainty exists that may cause significant doubt about the ability of the
Company to continue as a going concern or its ability to continue with the current banking arrangements.

Going concern

The company’s business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its future development, its financial
Position, financial risk management objectives, details of its financial instruments and derivative activities and its
exposure to price, credit, liquidity and cash flow risk are described in the report above.

The company has sufficient financial resources together with a good customer base across different geographic
areas and industries. As a consequence, the directors believe that the Company is well placed to manage its
business risk successfully despite the current uncertain economic outlook.

The directors have a reasonable expectation that the company has resources to continue in operational existence

for the foreseeable future. Thus, they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the
annual financial statements.

-13-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Directors’ report (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2024

Employee involvement

The Company has continued its practice of holding both formal and informal staff update briefings to keep
employees informed of matters affecting them as employees and the financial and economic factors influencing the
performance of the Company. In addition, employee communications and in-house magazines at both Company
and group level are produced regularly to keep employees informed on corporate developments.

Disabled employees

Applications for employment by disabled persons are given full and fair consideration for all vacancies in
accordance with their particular aptitudes and abilities. In the event of employees becoming disabled, every effort
is made to retrain them in order that their employment with the Company may continue. It is the policy of the
Company that training, career development and promotion opportunities are available to all employees.

Energy and Carbon Reporting

The Company has reported on all sources of GHG emissions and energy usage as required under The Large and
Medium-Sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 as amended.

GHG emissions and energy usage

GHG emissions and energy usage data for period 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024

Emissions from combustion of gas (Scope 1 — tonnes of 2,492

COze

Emissions from F-Gas leaks (Scope 1 — tonnes of CO2e) 775.00
Emissions from combustion of fuel for transport purposes 35.60 37.30

(‘Scope 1 — tonnes of COze)
Emissions from electricity purchased for own use, including
for the purposes of transport (Scope 2 — tonnes of COze)
(market based,
Emissions from electricity purchased for own use, including
for the purposes of transport (Scope 2 — tonnes of COze)
location based)
Emissions from business travel in rental cars or employee- 13.37
owned vehicles where company is responsible for
purchasing the fuel (Scope 3 - tonnes of COze)
Total ss CO2e based on above (market-based) (A)
Total ss CO2e based on above (location-based) (B) 4,879
INTENSITY RATIOS

2
Be

z
8

2,726

Vials produced (C)

Energy consumption per vial produced (market based)
(Alc)

Energy consumption per vial produced (location based)
(B/C)

12,051,000
0.0003

10,957,641
0.0003

0.0005 0.0005,

| 2024 2023
Energy consumption used to calculate
emissions (kWh) 24,942,526 24,489,545
Total Electricity (KwH) [ 12,784,706 12,263,810
Natural Gas (KwH) | 12,157,820 12,225,735

Reporting boundary and methodology
The Company has followed the 2020 UK Government environmental reporting guidance. The GHG Protocol

Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (revised edition) and emission factors from the UK Government's
GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 2020 were used to calculate the above disclosures.

-14-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Directors’ report (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2024
Energy efficiency actions taken
During 2024 a number of steps were taken to improve energy efficiency. This includes:

Design complete and construction in prog of NDP - Zero carbon production facility

U10-B4 steam link connection complete and running, reducing site carbon production by 10%
B2-U10 steam connection design in prog which will reduce the sites carbon by a further 15%
Boiler economisers fabricated and install due to start this month planned to reduce carbon by 5%
FGAS leak detection design complete and install kicked off

FGAS low GWP install kicked off

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities

The directors are responsible for preparing the Strategic Report, Directors’ Report and the financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the
directors have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101
‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’. Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements
unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or
loss of the company for that period. In preparing those financial statements, the directors are required to:

. select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

© make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

. state whether applicable Financial Reporting Standard 101 ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’ has been
followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; and

. prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the
company will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the

_ Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company
and which enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. The directors
are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included
on the Company's website and accordingly the auditors accept no responsibility for the information published there.
Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation
in other jurisdictions.

In so far as each of the directors is aware:

+e there is no relevant audit information (information needed ‘by the company’s auditors in connection with
preparing their report) of which the company's auditor is unaware; and

«the directors have taken all steps that they ought to have taken as directors in order to make themselves aware
of any relevant audit information and to establish that the auditors are aware of that information.

This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of s418 of the Companies
Act 2006.

Auditor

The auditors, Constantin, will be proposed for reappointment in accordance with section 485 of the Companies Act
2006.

On behalf of the board

rs
A Visciglio
Director

24” April 2025

-15-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Year ended 31 December 2024

Report on the audit of the financial statements

Opinion

In our opinion the financial statements of |psen Biopharm Limited (the ‘company’):

* give a true and fair view of the state of the company's affairs as at 31 December 2024 and of its profit for the
year then ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice,
including Financial Reporting Standard 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”; and

* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We have audited the financial statements which comprise:

* the income statement;

* the statement of comprehensive income;

¢ the balance sheet:

the statement of changes in equity; and,

«the related notes 1 to 27 which include material accounting policy information.

The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom
Accounting Standards, including Financial Reporting Standard 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework” (United
Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable
law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor's responsibilities for the audit of
the financial statements section of our report.

We are independent of the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of
the financial statements in the UK, including the Financial Reporting Council's (the ‘FRC’s') Ethical Standard, and
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of
accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or
conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company's ability to continue as a going
concern for a period of at least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the
relevant sections of this report.

Other information

The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial statements
and our auditor's report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information contained within the annual
report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent
otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit, or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material
misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise to material misstatement in the financial
statements themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement
of this other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

- 16 -


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Ipsen Biopharm Limited (continued)

Year ended 31 December 2024

Responsibilities of directors

As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement, the directors are responsible for the preparation
of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal contro!
as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company's ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem and using the going concer basis.
of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from

material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance

with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
. efor and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence

the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

A further description of our responsil 'S for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website
at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor's report.

Extent to which the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations.

We design procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect
of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including
fraud is detailed below.

We considered the nature of the company’s industry and its contro! environment, and reviewed the company's
documentation of their policies and procedures relating to fraud and compliance with laws and regulations. We also
enquired of management and the directors about their own identification and assessment of the risks of
irregularities, including those that are specific to the company’s business sector.

As a result of performing the above, we identified the greatest potential for fraud in the following areas, and our
specific procedures performed to address them are described below:

« The transactions related to the rebates and royalties: recaiculation of the rebates provided and royalties
received, including accrued at the year-end with the contractual obligations; the reconciliation of the underlying
data with the actual sales, the discount prices, royalties percentage and review the historical accuracy of
estimates.

We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that the company operates in, and identified
the key laws and regulations that:

* hada direct effect on the determination of material amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. These
included UK Companies Act , IFRS, pension legislation, tax legislation; and

« do not have a direct effect on the financial statements but compliance with which may be fundamental to the
company’s ability to operate or to avoid a material penalty. These included the Medicines Act 1968, the Misuse
of Drugs Act 1971, the Poisons Act 1972, the Human Medicines Regulations 2012 (SI 2012/1916), the EU
MDR Regulation (EU) 2017/745 on medical devices (Northern Ireland only), the European Commission
Guidelines on Good Distribution Practice of medicinal products for human use (2013/C 343/01) and Directive
93/423/EEC on Medical Devices (Northern Ireland only). The company complies with the ABPI Code of
Practice for the Pharmaceutical Industry and the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency's best
practices guidelines.

We discussed among the audit engagement team regarding the opportunities and incentives that may exist within
the organisation for fraud and how and where fraud might occur in the financial statements.

-17-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Independent auditor’s report to the members of Ipsen Biopharm Limited (continued)
Year ended 31 December 2024

In common with all audits under ISAs (UK), we are also required to perform specific procedures to respond to the
risk of management override. In addressing the risk of fraud through management override of controls, we tested
the appropriateness of journal entries and other adjustments; assessed whether the judgements made in making
accounting estimates are indicative of a potential bias; and evaluated the business rationale of any significant
transactions that are unusual or outside the normal course of business.

In addition to the above, our procedures to respond to the risks identified included the following:

reviewing financial statement disclosures by testing to supporting documentation to assess compliance with
provisions of relevant laws and regulations described as having a direct effect on the financial statement

¢ performing analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships that may indicate risks of
material misstatement due to fraud;

enquiring of management concerning actual and potential litigation and claims, and instances of non-
compliance with laws and regulations; and

* reading minutes of meetings of those charged with governance.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006

In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

«the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year for which the financial
statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

the strategic report and the directors’ report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.

In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of the
audit, we have not identified any material misstatements in the strategic report or the directors’ report.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report in respect of the following matters if, in our opinion:

adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received
from branches not visited by us; or

« — the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

« certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members those
matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the company's
members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Thierry de Gennes ACA (Senior Statutory Auditor)

For and on behalf of Constantin, Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditor
25 Hosier Lane

London

EC1A9LQ

29" April 2025

+18 -


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Income Statement

For the year ended 31 December 2024

Note
Continuing operations

Turnover 2
Cost of sales

Gross profit

Other operating income 3
Distribution expenses
Administrative expenses
Development expenses
Other operating gains
Operating profit

Interest receivable and similar income
Interest payable and similar charges

oo me N

Profit on ordinary activities before taxation

Tax on profit on ordinary activities 10
Profit for the year from continuing operations

Discontinued operations

Profit after tax for the year from discontinued operations

Profit for the financial year

The results of the company arose entirely from continuing operations.

The notes on pages 23 to 45 form part of these financial statements.

-19-

2024
£000

660,832

(204,052)

456,780

56,597
(33,271)
(90,229)

(154,585)

2,414

237,706

16,694
(1,412)

252,988

(63,676)

189,312

189,312 °

2023
£000

661,765
(180,702)

481,063

42,526
(48,463)
(66,270)
(97,034)

10,524

322,346

19,135
(1,069)

340,412
(81,372)

259,040

259,040


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Statement of Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 31 December 2024

Profit for the year

Other comprehensive income

Items that cannot be reclassified to profit or loss:

Re-measurement gains/(losses) on defined benefit
pension plans

Tax on items relating to components of other
comprehensive income

Total other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year,
net of tax

Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax

The notes on pages 23 to 45 form part of these financial statements.

-20-

2024
£000

189,312

689
(172)

517

189,829

2023
£000

259,040

(1,430)
357

(1,073)

257,967

Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Balance Sheet

For the year ended 31 December 2024

2024 2023
£000 £000
Non-current assets
Intangible assets 11 274,812 188,102
Tangible assets 12 206,383 177,004
Right of use assets 13 10,491 11,547
Investments 14 18 18
Defined benefit pension asset 21 870 173
492,574 376,844
Current assets
Stocks 15 42,075 32,973
Debtors due within one year 16 414,781 575,070
Cash at bank and in hand - -
456,856 608,043
Creditors: Amounts falling due within one year 17 (222,890) (141,940)
Net current assets 233,966 466,103
Total assets less current liabilities 726,540 842,947
Non-current liabilities
Creditors: Amounts falling due after more than one
year 18 (50,909) (53,185)
Deferred tax 19 (26,114) (25,641)
Other provisions 20 (2,835) (268)
646,682 763,853
Capital and reserves
Called-up equity share capital 24 308,019 308,019
Profit and loss account 25 338,663 455,834
Shareholders’ funds 646,682 763,853

These financial statements were approved by the directors and authorised for issue on 24" April 2025 and are
signed on their behalf by:

4, 2025 19:59 GMT+2)
A Visciglio

Director
24! April 2025

Company Registration Number: 01653765

The notes on pages 23 to 45 form part of these financial statements.

-21-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Statement of changes in equity

31 December 2024

Attributable to owners of the company

At 1 January 2023

Profit for the financial year

Other comprehensive income

Total comprehensive income for the year
Transaction with owners:

Dividends distribution

At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024
Profit for the financial year

Other comprehensive income

Total comprehensive income for the year

Transaction with owners:
Dividends distribution

At 31 December 2024

The notes on pages 23 to 45 form part of these financial statements.

-22-

Share Retained
capital earnings Total
£'000 £7000 £'000
308,019 284,867 592,886
- 259,040 259,040
- (1,073) (1,073)
- 257,967 257,967
- (87,000) (87,000)
308,019 455,834 763,853
: 189,312 189,312
: 517 517
- 189,829 189,829
- (307,000) (307,000)
308,019 338,663 646,682


Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024

1.

Accounting policies
Reporting entity

\psen Biopharm Limited (“the Company’) is a private company, limited by shares incorporated in England and
Wales. The address of the Company's registered office is Ash Road, Wrexham Industrial Estate, Wrexham
LL13 UF. The financial statements of the Company as at and for the year ended 31 December 2024 present
information about the Company as a separate entity and not about its group. The Company is primarily
involved in the development, manufacture and marketing of products and processes related to the
pharmaceutical industry and provides research and development services to affiliated companies.

Basis of preparation

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 ‘Reduced
Disclosure Framework’ (FRS 101). The Company meets the definition of a qualifying entity under FRS 100
‘Application of Financial Reporting Requirements’ issued by the FRC. Accordingly these financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 "Reduced Disclosure Framework"
("FRS 101") and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2006. Except for certain
disclosure exemptions detailed below, the recognition, measurement and disclosure requirements of the
applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards have been applied to these financial statements
and, where necessary, amendments have been made in order to comply with the Companies Act 2006 and
The Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups Regulations 2008/410 (‘Regulations’).

The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except where indicated otherwise.

The financial statements are presented in UK sterling, which is also the Company's functional currency, and
rounded to the nearest thousand pounds ("£000"), except where indicated.

Judgements made by the directors in the application of these accounting policies that have significant effect
on the financial statements and estimates with a significant risk of material adjustment in the next year are
discussed in note 1.

The Company is exempt from the requirement to produce group financial statements by virtue of section 401
of the Companies Act 2006, on the grounds that the Company is included in the consolidated financial
statements of Ipsen SA, a company incorporated in France.

The financial statements have been prepared and in accordance with the Companies Act 2006 and the
principal accounting policies as summarised below. They have all been applied consistently throughout the
year.

Going concern

The company's business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its future development, its financial
position, financial risk management objectives, details of its financial instruments and derivative activities and
its exposure to price, credit, liquidity and cash flow risk are described in the report above.

The company has sufficient financial resources together with a good customer base across different
geographic areas and industries. As a consequence, the directors believe that the Company is well placed to
manage its business risk successfully despite the current uncertain economic outlook.

The directors have a reasonable expectation that the company has resources to continue in operational

existence for the foreseeable future. Thus, they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in
preparing the annual financial statements.

The notes on pages 23 to 45 form part of these financial statements.

~23-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024

1. Accounting policies (continued)
Disclosure exemptions adopted
The following disclosure exemptions have been adopted:

- Additional comparative information as per IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements paragraph 38 in
respect of:

- Reconciliations of the carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment, intangibles assets at the start
and the end of the prior period.

-  AStatement of Cash Flows and related disclosures

- Related party transactions with two or more wholly owned members of the group.

- Disclosure of key management personnel remuneration

- Disclosures in relation to the objectives, policies and process for managing capital

- Disclosure of the effect of future accounting standards not yet adopted

- Certain disclosures required under IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, including
disaggregation of revenue, details of changes in contract assets and liabilities, and details of incomplete
performance obligations

- the requirement of paragraph 58 of IFRS 16 Leases.

The following disclosure exemption has also been adopted as equivalent disclosures are provided in the
parent consolidated financial statements.

- The requirements of paragraphs 45(b) and 46 to 52 of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment

- Financia! instrument disclosures as required by IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures.

- The requirements of paragraphs 130(f(ii), 130(f(iii), 134(d) to 134(f) and 135(c) to 135(e) of IAS 36
Impairment of Assets

‘New and amended IFRS Accounting Standards that are effective for the current year

In the current year, the Company has applied a number of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) that are mandatorily effective for an accounting period
that begins on or after 1 January 2024. Their adoption has not had any material impact on the disclosures or
on the amounts reported in these financial statements.

New and amended IFRS Accounting Standards that are effective for the current year:

* Amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures titled
Supplier Finance Arrangements.

¢ Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements - Classification of Liabilities as Current
or Non-current

* Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements - Non-current Liabilities with Covenants

* Amendments to IFRS 16 Leases—Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback

Foreign currency - Functional and presentation currency
Transactions in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rate ruling at the date of transaction.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are translated at

the foreign exchange rate ruling at that date. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation are
recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

The notes on pages 23 to 45 form part of these financial statements.

+24-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Notes to the financial statements
31 December 2024

1.

Accounting policies (continued)
Intangible fixed assets

Expenditure on research activities is recognised in the statement of profit or loss as an expense when
incurred.

Expenditure on development activities is capitalised if the product or process is technically and commercially
feasible and the Company has sufficient resources to complete development. The expenditure capitalised
includes the cost of materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads. Other development
expenditure is recognised in the statement of profit or loss as an expense when incurred.

Licence rights, software licences and other intangible assets that are acquired by the Company are stated at
cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.

Amortisation is charged to the statement of profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful
lives of intangible assets unless such lives are indefinite. Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life and
goodwill are systematically tested for impairment at each balance sheet date. Licence rights and associated
development costs are carried at cost, subject to impairment review, and amortised from the date of issue of
marketing approval. Other intangible assets comprise Know How and assets awaiting completion. Assets
awaiting completion are amortised from the date that they are brought into use. The estimated useful lives
are as follows:

- software licences 3-10 years
- licence rights 5- 15 years
- other intangibles 3-10 years

An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from
use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the
difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in
profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

Tangible fixed assets
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as
separate items of property, plant and equipment.

Depreciation is charged to the statement of profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the useful estimated
lives of each part of an item. Land and assets under construction are not depreciated. The estimated useful
lives are as follows:

- buildings 10 to 50 years

- leasehold improvements cover period of the lease
- fixtures and fittings 5-20 years

- plant, machinery and vehicles 5-25 years

- Office equipment 3-5 years

Investments in subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries and associates are carried at cost, less any adjustment for impairment.

The notes on pages 23 to 45 form part of these financial statements.

-25-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024

1.

Accounting policies (continued)
Stocks

Stocks are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is based on the standard cost principle
and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the stock and bringing them to their existing location and
condition. In the case of manufactured stock and work in progress, cost includes an appropriate share of
overheads based on normal operating capacity.

Impairment

The carrying amounts of the Company's assets and deferred tax assets are reviewed at each balance
sheet date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the
asset's recoverable amount is estimated.

An impairment loss is recognised whenever the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit
exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated first to reduce the carrying
amount of any goodwill allocated to cash-generating units and then to reduce the carrying amount of the
other assets in the unit on a pro rata basis. A cash generating unit is the smallest identifiable group of
assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or
groups of assets.

Calculation of recoverable amount

The recoverable amount of assets is the greater of their net selling price and value in use. In assessing
value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.
For an asset that does not generate largely independent cash inflows, the recoverable amount is
determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

Reversals of impairment

An impairment loss in respect of a receivable carried at amortised cost is reversed if the subsequent
increase in recoverable amount can be related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment loss
was recognised.

In respect of other assets, an impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used
to determine the recoverable amount.

An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the
carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment
loss had been recognised.

Financial assets

Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as loans and receivables, or as derivatives designated
as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate. Under IFRS 7, the Company's loans, trade
and other receivables are categorised as “Loans and receivables” as they are non-derivative financial
assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market. The valuation method
for this category of financial asset is “amortised cost” using the effective interest method, less any
impairment provision. For all current receivables “amortised cost” is effectively cost.

The carrying values of the Company's financial assets are reviewed throughout the year to determine
whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, an impairment loss is
recognised to reduce the asset's carrying value to the estimated recoverable amount. For receivables,
this review is based on the latest information available and any financial assets that are substantially past
due are also considered for impairment. Any change in the value of financial assets is recognised in the
‘statement of profit or loss line item “interest payable and similar charges” or “interest receivable and similar
income”, as appropriate.

The notes on pages 23 to 45 form part of these financial statements.

- 26 -


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024

1. Accounting policies (continued)
Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives
designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate. The Company's financial
liabilities include borrowings, trade and other payables, which are measured at amortised cost using the
effective interest rate method. For all current payables “amortised cost” is effectively cost.

Financial liabilities are recognised when the Company becomes a party to the contractual terms of the
instrument. All interest-related charges, and if applicable, changes in an instrument's fair value are
reported in the statement of profit or loss line item ‘interest payable and similar charges” or “interest
receivable and similar income’, as appropriate.

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting

The Company uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts, to manage its
exposure to its exchange rate risks. Such derivative financial instruments are accounted for as cash flow
hedges.

At the inception of the hedge relationship, the Company documents the relationship between the hedging
instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking
various hedge transactions. In addition, at the inception of the hedge and on an on-going basis, the
Company documents whether the hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values
or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of such hedges is recognised in other comprehensive
income and accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedging reserve. The gain or loss relating to the
ineffective portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss, and is recognised in “Other operating gains
and losses”,

Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are reclassified
to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the line “Other operating gains
and losses”. However, when the hedged forecast transaction results in the recognition of a non-financial
asset or a non-financial liability, the gains and losses previously recognised in other comprehensive
income and accumulated in equity are transferred from equity and included in the initial measurement of
the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability.

Hedge accounting is discontinued when the Company revokes the hedging relationship, when the hedging
instrument expires or is sold, terminated, or exercised, or when it no longer qualifies for hedge accounting.
Any gain or loss recognised in the other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity at that time
remains in equity and is recognised when the forecast transaction is ultimately recognised in profit or loss.

When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is
recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Employee benefits

Defined contribution pension plans

Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an expense in the
comprehensive statement of income as incurred.

Defined benefit pension plans

The Company's net obligation in respect of its defined benefit pension plan is calculated by estimating the
amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the prior periods; that
benefit is discounted to determine its present value, and the fair value of any plan assets (at bid price) is
deducted. The liability discount rate is the yield at the balance sheet date on AA credit rated bonds that

The notes on pages 23 to 45 form part of these financial statements.

-27-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024

1.

Accounting policies (continued)
Employee benefits (continued)

have maturity dates approximating to the terms of the Company's obligations. The calculation is
performed by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method.

Provisions

A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when the Company has a present legal or constructive
obligation as a result of a past event, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required
to settle the obligation, but the timing or the amount of the outflow may still be uncertain. If the effect is
material, provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money, and where appropriate, the risks specific
to the liability.

Turnover

The Company's revenue mainly includes pharmaceutical sales. It is recognised when contro! of the goods
or services are transferred to the customer.

Sales of goods

Revenue is recorded for the amount that the group expects to receive:

- proceeds from pharmaceutical sales are recognised when transfer of contro! occurs; in most agreements,
when products are physically transferred (delivery), in accordance with the delivery and acceptance terms
agreed upon with the customer;

- revenue from product sales comes from pharmaceutical sales net of returns, rebates and discounts
granted to customers as well as certain payments due to public health authorities determined based on
sales. The Company recognises rebates and discounts at the same time as the sales and identifies them
as being a variable pricing element pursuant to IFRS 15.

Rendering of services

Service income is recognised when invoiced and relates to the direct costs incurred in providing the
service, together with attributable overheads and margin. The outcome of the transaction is deemed to be
able to be estimated reliably when all the following conditions are satisfied:

- the amount of revenue can be measured reliably,
- _ itis probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the entity, and
- the costs incurred for the transaction and the costs to complete the transaction can be measured reliably.

Royalties

Royalties are recognised on an accruals basis in accordance with the substance of the relevant agreement
when it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the Company
and the amount of the royalty can be measured reliably.

Other operating income

Up-front and milestone receipts from licensing agreements are capitalised as deferred revenue and
released to the statement of profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the period of the agreement.

The notes on pages 23 to 45 form part of these financial statements.

= 28-


Ipsen Biopharm Li

ited

Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024

1.

Accounting policies (continued)

Leases

The Company as lessee

The Company assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease, at inception of the contract. The Company
recognises a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease arrangements in
which it is the lessee, except for short-term leases (defined as leases with a lease term of 12 months or less)
and leases of low value assets (such as tablets and personal computers, smail items of office furniture and
telephones). For these leases, the Company recognises the lease payments as an operating expense on a
straight-line basis over the term of the lease unless another systematic basis is more representative of the
time pattem in which economic benefits from the leased assets are consumed.

The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
commencement date, discounted by using the rate implicit in the lease. If this rate cannot be readily
determined, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate.

Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:

Fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
« Variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at
the commencement date;

* The amount expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;

The exercise price of purchase options, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options; and
* Payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the exercise of an option to
terminate the lease.

The lease liability is presented within creditors in the balance sheet classified as due within one year or after
more than one year according to when the liability falls due.

The lease liability is subsequently measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease
liability (using the effective interest method) and by reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments
made.

The Company remeasures the lease liability (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-
use asset) whenever:

« The lease term has changed or there is a significant event or change in circumstances resulting in a
change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which case the lease liability is remeasured by
discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate.

* The lease payments change due to changes in an index or rate or a change in expected payment under
a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease
payments using an unchanged discount rate (unless the lease payments change is due to a change in a
floating interest rate, in which case a revised discount rate is used).

* Alease contract is modified and the lease modification is not accounted for as a separate lease, in which
case the lease liability is remeasured based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised
lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

The Company did not make any such adjustments during the periods presented.

The right-of-use assets comprise the initial measurement of the corresponding lease liability, lease
payments made at or before the commencement day, less any lease incentives received and any initial
direct costs. They are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment
losses.

Whenever the Company incurs an obligation for costs to dismantle and remove a leased asset, restore
the site on which it is located or restore the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
conditions of the lease, a provision is recognised and measured under IAS 37. To the extent that the costs

The notes on pages 23 to 45 form part of these financial statements.


Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024

1.

Accounting policies (continued)
Leases (continued)

relate to a right-of-use asset, the costs are included in the related right-of-use asset, unless those costs
are incurred to produce inventories.

Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter period of lease term and useful life of the right-of-use
asset. If a lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects
that the Company expects to exercise a purchase option, the related right-of-use asset is depreciated over
the useful life of the underlying asset. The depreciation starts at the commencement date of the lease.

The right-of-use assets are presented separately on the face of the balance sheet.

The Company applies IAS 36 to determine whether a right-of-use asset is impaired and accounts for any
identified impairment loss as described in the impairment policy.

Variable rents that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement the lease liability
and the right-of-use asset. The related payments are recognised as an expense in the period in which the
event or condition that triggers those payments occurs and are included in the administrative expenses
line item,

As a practical expedient, IFRS 16 permits a lessee not to separate non-lease components, and instead
account for any lease and associated non-lease components as a single arrangement. The Company has.
not used this practical expedient. For contracts that contain a lease component and one or more additional
lease or non-lease components, the Company allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease
component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-
alone price of the non-lease components.

Long Term Incentive Plans as in Performance Restricted Units or Restricted Stock Units.

The Company participates in a Performance Restricted stock Units or Restricted Stock Units for all eligible
employees. PRSU's or RSU are vested on the shares of the parent Company. The vesting period can
differ pending on the type of LTI i.e. either over a period of 3 or 2 years. LTI are forfeited if the employee
leaves the Company before the LTI’'s vested unless reason for leaving is due to retiring from Ipsen.

We also offer an Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2024 for all eligible employees, 20% discount on the
reference price, (the reference price is taken from the average share price of fixed period) known as the
subscription price. Employees can invest minimum of 100 Euros to max of 25% of annual base salary
2024 capped at an individual level of 50,000 euros. Ipsen carried out a matching contribution pending on
employee investment capped at 1000 euros. The discount amount and the matching contributions were
all subject to tax and national insurance processed via the Ipsen payroll. The lock in period is 5 years and
employees can obtain shares at the end of the lock in period or received funds back.

Taxation

Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the income
statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly
in equity, in which case the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income
or directly in equity, respectively.

Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
substantially enacted at the balance sheet date, plus or minus any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
previous years. When available, tax losses are purchased from other group companies.

Deferred tax is provided on material temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The amount of

deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount
of assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantially enacted at the balance sheet date.

The notes on pages 23 to 45 form part of these financial statements.

-30-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024

1.

Accounting policies (continued)
Taxation (continued)

A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be
available against which the asset can be utilised.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

Dividends payable

Dividend distributions payable to equity shareholders are included in “other short term financial liabilities”
when the dividends are approved in general meeting prior to the balance sheet date.

Dividend income
Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.
Equity

Equity comprises “Share capital” representing the nominal value of equity shares and “Retained earnings”
representing retained profits.

Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

In applying the Company's accounting policies, which are described in note 1, the directors are required to
make judgements (other than those involving estimations) that have a significant impact on the amounts
recognised and to make estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that
are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on
historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period,
or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions conceming the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting
date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities within the next financial year, are discussed below.

Turnover
Reported Company's revenue for 2024 was £660,832 thousand (2023: £661,765 thousand).

Gross revenue is reduced by rebates, which vary by product arrangements and buying groups. These
arrangements with purchasing organisations are dependent upon the submission of claims some time after
the initial recognition of the sale. Accruals are made at the time of sale for the estimated rebates, based on
historical experience. As there can be significant variability in final outcomes, the Company applies a
constraint when measuring the variable element within revenue, so that revenue is recognised at a suitably
cautious amount. The objective of the constraint is to ensure that it is highly probable that a significant reversal
of revenue will not occur when the uncertainties are resolved. The constraint is applied by making suitably
cautious estimates of the inputs and assumptions used in estimating the variable consideration. Because the
amounts are estimated they may not fully reflect the final outcome, and the amounts are subject to change
dependent upon, amongst other things, the types of buying group and product sales mix. The constraints
applied in recognising revenue mean that the risk of a material downward adjustment to revenue in the next
financial year is low.

The notes on pages 23 to 45 form part of these financial statements.

-31-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Notes to the financial statements

31 December 2024

1. Accounting policies (continued)
Milestones

The Company receives and pays milestones under distribution agreements with third parties. Due to the time
delay in obtaining the underlying data, milestone accruals are estimated based on available information, such
as forecasts, and management judgement. There can be significant delays between the end of the financial
year and the receipt of data from relevant parties, if sales were to differ significantly from forecasts, this could
lead to milestone accruals being materially misstated.

Royalties

The Company receives and pays royalties under distribution agreements with third parties. Due to the time
delay in obtaining the underlying data, royalty accruals are estimated based on available information, such
as forecasts, and management judgement. There can be significant delays between the end of the financial
year and the receipt of data from relevant parties, if sales were to differ significantly from forecasts, this could
lead to royalty accruals being materially misstated.

Research and development

Management have reviewed the Company's research and development activities and have made estimates
and judgements on the amount of development expenditure it is appropriate to capitalise.

Intangible assets

The value of intangible assets comprises the price paid for software and licence fees as well as estimates of
future cash flows, incorporating an appropriate discount rate, for acquired future development commitments.
These estimates are based on management's internal forecasts, including evaluation and validation by
experts in the field, and reflect best assessments of the costs involved to satisfy the commitments.
Impairment

Management have conducted an impairment review of intangible assets and had to make judgements as to
the likelihood of them generating future cash flow, over what period those cash flows will be received and
what costs are attributable against them.

Stock

Management have reviewed the value of intemally generated stock and made estimates and judgements on
the carrying value and the amount of the provision required to be recognised in the financial statements.

Defined benefit pension scheme

Management have made assumptions in relation to the valuation of the defined benefit scheme liability, in
particular in relation to longevity assumptions, the application of a discount rate of 5.50% (2023:4.51%),
expected rates of retums on plan assets and future salary increases.

Taxation

The Company estimates tax liabilities for undetermined years. Any differences arising between the final tax

liability and the amounts recorded in the financial statements will impact on the tax charge in the year in which
the determination is made.

The notes on pages 23 to 45 form part of these financial statements.

-32-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Notes to the financial statements

Year ended 31 December 2024

2. Turnover

Turnover as recognised in the income statement is analysed as follows:

Sale of goods

Recharge of services
Royalties

Other recharges and income

Tumover by geographical area

United Kingdom
Rest of Europe
USA and Canada
Rest of the world

3. Other operating income

Income from licensing out product rights

4. Operating profit

Operating profit is stated after charging/(crediting):

Amortisation of intangible assets:

- _ included in Cost of sales

- _ included in Administrative expenses

= included in Development expenses
Depreciation of fixed assets
Loss/(profit) on disposal of fixed assets
Impairment of PPE
Research and development expenditure credit
Auditor's remuneration

- fees payable for the audit of the financial

‘statements

Depreciation on right of use assets
Rent neutralisation IFRS16
Net gain on decrease or early termination IFRS16
Expense relating to unwinding IFRS16
Net gain on foreign currency translation

2024
£000

517,477
31,583
111,336

4,674
383,753
256,453

15,952

660,832

2024
£000

56,597

2024
£000

42,340
34

52
13,549
1,647

(1,238)

107
1,656

2023
£000

42,526

2023
£000

25,237
38
146
15,307

321

11,544
(1,742)

103

1,251
(3,193)
(7,652)


Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Notes to the financial statements

Year ended 31 December 2024

5.

6.

Particulars of employees

The average number of staff employed by the company (including directors) during the financial year
amounted to:

2024 2023
No No
Production 330 334
Distribution 48 . 46
Administration 162 163
Development 173 161
713 701

The aggregate payroll costs of the above were:
2024 2023
£000 £000
Wages and salaries 62,903 58,360
Social security costs 8,750 7,640
Other pension costs 4,537 4,245
Other costs 4,376 1,551
80,566 71,796

In 2016 the Company's defined benefit plan was closed to further accrual and details of the defined benefit
scheme are disclosed in note 21. The company contributes to an externally funded defined contribution
pension plans. The total expense relating to the defined contribution plan in the current year was £4,537,000
(2023: £4,245,000).

A number of the employees participated in the Ipsen SA share scheme in 2024. Included in Other costs is a
total expense of £2,467,000 (2023: 2,634,000) in respect of share-based payments made by Ipsen SA to the
Company's employees. Details of these schemes are disclosed in note 22.

Directors’ remuneration

The directors’ aggregate remuneration in respect of qualifying services was:

2024 2023
£000 £000
Remuneration receivable 657 620
Amounts receivable under Long Term Incentive Schemes 152 102
Value of company pension contributions to money
purchase schemes 16 96
925 818
No. of directors No. of directors
Retirement benefits are accruing to the following
number of directors under money purchase schemes 3 3
Number of directors who received shares in respect
of qualifying services 3 3

Number of directors who exercised share options

The remuneration of the highest paid director was £379,000 (2023: £358,000) of which the Company made
pension contributions of £68,000 (2023: £28,000) on their behalf.

-34-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Notes to the financial statements

Year ended 31 December 2024

7.

10.

Other operating gains and losses.

Exchange gains/(losses)

(Loss)/profit on disposal of fixed assets

Gain/(loss) on decrease or early termination IFRS16
Expense of unwinding IFRS16

Rent neutralisation IFRS16

Depreciation of assets IFRS16

Dividends received

Interest receivable and similar income

Interest receivable from group undertakings
interest on defined benefit pension plan obligations
Other interest receivable

Interest payable and similar charges

Interest payable to group undertakings

Interest on defined benefit pension plan obligations
Interest payable on bank deposits

Lease interest

Taxation on ordinary activities
Analysis of charge in the year:
Current tax:
In respect of the year:
UK Corporation tax based on the results for the year at
25% (2023: 23.52%)
(Over)/under provision in prior years
Total current tax
Deferred tax:
Charge / (credit) for the year (note 19)

Tax on profit on ordinary activities

-35-

2024
£000

16,145
538
1

16,694

2024
£000

13
530

869
1,412

2024
£000

63,362
13

63,375

304
63,676

2023
£000

7,652
(321)
3,193

10,524

2023
£000

18,525
546

19,135

2023
£000

14
542

485
1,069

2023
£000

83,154
(36)

83,118

(1,746)
81,372


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Notes to the financial statements

Year ended 31 December 2024

10. Taxation on ordinary activities (continued)

Recognised in other comprehensive income

Deferred tax:
2024 2023
£000 £000
Net actuarial gains and losses 172 (357)

Factors affecting current tax charge

The tax assessed on the profit on ordinary activities for the year is higher than the standard rate of corporation
tax in the UK of 25% (2023: 23.52%).

2024 2023

£000 £000
Profit from ordinary activities of continuing operations
before tax 252,988 340,412
Profit from ordinary activities at the rate of tax 63,247 80,068
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 483 732
Tax exempt income (529) (777)
Intragroup tax losses purchased 251 2,235
Previously unrecognised temporary difference 211 (746)
Under/(over) provision for prior year 13 (36)
Impact of tax rate change on closing liability - (104)
Total tax charge 63,676 81,372

Apart from the tax charge recognised in Other Comprehensive Income, no current or deferred tax was
charged or credited directly to equity in the year or comparative year.

Tax losses totalling £1,003,970 were purchased in the year from related companies.
Factors That May Affect Future Tax Charges:

Finance Act 2021, which was substantively enacted on 24 May 2021, enacted an increase in the UK
corporation tax main rate to 25% from 1 April 2023. Deferred tax has therefore been provided for at 25%.

Pillar Two of the Organisation for Economic Co-Operation and Development's ("OECD's") Two Pillar Solution
provides for the taxation of income of large groups at a minimum effective rate of 15% on a jurisdictional
basis.

The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ipsen SA, which is incorporated in France and is the ultimate
parent undertaking for the Group. The Group is within scope of the OECD Pillar Two model rules.

Pillar Two legislation received Royal Assent on 11 July 2023 in the United Kingdom and applies to accounting
periods beginning on or after 31 December 2023. As the Group's effective tax rate in the UK is above 15%,
the Company does not suffer any additional Pillar Two top-up taxes by the application of Pillar Two.

The Company has applied the mandatory temporary exception to the requirements of IAS 12 under which a
company does not recognise or disclose information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar
Two income taxes.

+ 36-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Notes to the financial statements

Year ended 31 December 2024

11, Intangible fixed assets

Cost

At 1 January 2024
Additions
Disposals

Asset Transfers

At 31 December 2024

Amortisation

At 1 January 2024
Amortisation for the year
Disposals

Impairment

At 31 December 2024

Net book value
At 31 December 2024

At 1 January 2024

12. Tangible fixed assets

Cost

At 1 January 2024
Additions
Disposals

Asset transfers

At 31 December 2024

Depreciation

At 1 January 2024
Depreciation for the year
Disposals

Impairment

Asset transfers

At31 December 2024

Net book value
At 31 December 2024

At 1 January 2024

Freehold land

. Other

Software Licence _ intangible
licences rights assets Total
£000 £000 £000 £000
3,295, 348,609 512 352,416
6 129,229 377 129,612
(128) - - (128)
33 - (445) (412)
3,206 477,838 444 481,488
2,107 162,207 - 164,314
401 42,027 - 42,428
(63) -. - (63)
- (3) - (3)
2,445 204,231 - 206,676
761 273,607 444 274,812
1,188 186,402 512 188,102

Plant,

Leasehold equipment, Assets

Land and improve- _ fixtures and under
buildings ments vehicles —_ construction Total
£000 £000 £000 £000 £000
73,317 1,259 135,970 73,633 284,179
985 908 41,341 43,239
- (796) (8,603) : (9,399)
1,964 - 5,485 (7,037) 412
76,266 468 133,760 107,937 318,431
33,979 567 72,629 - 107,175
3,490 61 10,831 - 14,382
- (380) (4,601) : (4,981)
- : (4,506) (22) (4,528)
37,469 248 74,353 (22) 112,048
38,797 220 59,407 107,959 206,383
39,338 692 73,633 177,004

63,341

Included in the net book value of land and buildings of £38,797,000 is an amount of £1,517,000 (2023:
£1,517,000) that relates to freehold land

-37-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Notes to the financial statements

Year ended 31 December 2024

13. Right of Use Assets

Motor
Building vehicles Plant & Equip Total
£000 £000 £000 £000
Right of use
At 1 January 2024 11,547 - - 11,547
Increase / (Decrease) 3,192 - 193 3,385
Depreciation (1,651) - (5) (1,656)
Impairment (2,785) - (2,785)
At 31 December 2024 10,303 : 188 10,491
2024 2023
£000 £000
Total cash outflow for leases - Buildings 4,279 1,984
Total cash outflow for leases - Cars : 33
The expense relating to leases of low-vale
assets - -
The expense relating to short-term leases - -
14. Investments in subsidiaries
Impairment Net book
Cost provisions value
£000 £000 £'000
Balance at 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024 9,704 9,686 18

The company had the following investments in subsidiaries at the end of the year:

Country of Class of
incorporation shares held Ownership
2024 2023
Ipsen Pty Ltd Australia Ordinary 100% 100%
Pothold Limited (dormant) UK Ordinary 100% 100%
Specwood Limited (dormant) UK Ordinary 100% 100%
15. Stock

2024 2023
£000 £000
Raw materials and consumables 25,814 18,140
Work in progress 13,233 12,243
Finished goods 3,028 2,590
42,075 32,973

The replacement cost of stocks is not materially different from that shown above.

-38-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Notes to the financial statements

Year ended 31 December 2024

16.

17.

18.

Debtors: Amounts due within one year

2024 2023

£000 £000

Trade debtors : 4,679
Amounts owed by group undertakings due within one year 396,876 561,366
Other debtors 2,937 5,123
Prepayments and accrued income 2,391 2,546
Corporation tax 12,577 1,356
414,781 575,070

All amounts are short-term. The net carrying value of trade receivables is considered a reasonable
approximation of fair value.

Included within amounts owed by group undertakings due within one year there are loans of £329,092,000
(2023: £470,501,000) which are repayable on demand. The interest rate on loans to overseas companies
having a GBP balance is based on the LIBOR GBP Overnight Floor with a margin of 0.3. The interest rate on
loans to overseas companies having a EUR balance is based on the SONIA (Sterling Overnight Interbank
Average) rate with a margin of 0.35.

All of the company’s trade and other debtors have been reviewed for indicators of impairment and loans due
from group undertakings are shown net of impairment losses of £7,265,000 (2023: £7,265,000).

Creditors: Amounts falling due within one year

2024 2023

£000 £000

Bank overdraft 26 6,454
Trade creditors 44,725 21,294
Amounts owed to group undertakings 131,237 64,869
Corporation tax : -
Tax and social security : : 13,340 11,940
Other creditors 28 26
Lease Liabilities 2,012 922
Accruals and deferred income 29,346 31,113
Provisions 2,176 5,322
222,890 141,940

Accruals and deferred income includes £5,197,000 (2023: £5,480,000) in respect of the current element of
milestone income received in prior years under agreements that granted rights to develop, distribute and
commercialise a pharmaceutical product for aesthetic use in the United States, Canada, Japan, Europe and
certain other territories.

Creditors: Amounts falling due after more than one year

2024 2023

£000 £000

Accruals and deferred income 37,230 41,173
Lease Liabilities 13,679 12,012
50,909 53,185,

The accruals and deferred income balance relates to milestone income received in prior years under
agreements that granted rights to develop, distribute and commercialise a pharmaceutical product for
aesthetic use in the United States, Canada, Japan, Europe and certain other territories.

-39-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Notes to the financial statements

Year ended 31 December 2024

19. Deferred taxation

The deferred tax included in the balance sheet is as follows:

2024 2023
£000 £000
Deferred tax liability 26,114 25,641
Deferred tax relates to the following:
2024 2023
£000 £000
Fixed assets 27,246 27,050
Defined benefit pension asset/(liability) 217 59
Deferred expenses (1,349) (1,468)
26,114 25,641
The movement in the deferred taxation account during the year was:
2024
£000
Balance brought forward 25,641
Tax expense recognised in the income statement 301
Tax expense recognised in other comprehensive income 172
Balance carried forward 26,114

The amount charged to the income statement during the year was analysed as follows:

2024 2023

£000 £000

Fixed assets 197 (828)
Defined benefit pension liability « 982 398
Deferred expenses (878) (1,316)
301 (1,746)

20. Other provisions

2024 2023

£000 £000

Dilapidation provision 360 268
Closure of Milton Park 2,475 -
2,835 268

There is a provision relating to the estimated building rehabilitation costs to reinstate the premises back to
reasonable satisfaction for the Paddington lease when it terminates in September 2033.

A provision has also been made for the closure of the Milton Park site.

- 40 -


Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Notes to the financial statements

Year ended 31 December 2024

21.

Defined benefit pension asset

The Company sponsors the Ipsen Biopharm Limited (2012) Retirement Benefit Scheme, which is a final salary
defined benefit arrangement. The scheme is governed by the Pension Acts and regulated by The Pension
Regulator. The scheme was contracted-out of the earnings-related part of the state scheme under the
Pensions Act 1993. For periods of scheme membership prior to 6 April 1997 the scheme must provide a
minimum level of pension, known as a Guaranteed Minimum Pension, for all members who are subject to
Class 1 National Insurance Contributions. The scheme was closed to the future accrual of benefits with effect
from 31 August 2016.

The assets of the scheme are held separately from those of the Company and are administered and invested
by an independent company. The scheme was set up under irrevocable Trusts and the principal objective is
to achieve long-term growth in income and capital to enable, as far as possible, the protection of present and
future pensions.

The Trustees of the scheme comprise representatives from both the Company and the members of the
scheme, and an independent trustee. The Trustees ensure that the scheme is governed in accordance with
the Trust Documents & Rules.

The Trustees have adopted an investment strategy which is intended to ensure that, as far as possible, the
scheme has sufficient assets to provide benefits as and when they fall due. Investments are spread across
the available range, both by type of investment (equities, bonds etc.) and geographically, to reduce the risk
of a sharp fall in one particular market having a substantial impact on the whole fund. This strategy is based
on the fundamental assumption that over the long-term equities will outperform gilts although in the short term
the performance of equities may be more volatile than the performance of bonds which could in tum lead to
unwelcome volatility in the Company's contribution rate.

The last full actuarial valuation of the scheme was carried out by a qualified independent actuary as at 20
January 2025 when it was assumed that investment retums would be 5.5% per annum and salary increases
would average Nil% per annum (2023 — Nil%) as the scheme was closed. The estimated market value of the
fund at this date was £11,439,000. This valuation has been updated on an approximate basis to 31
December 2024 for the financial statements. The Scheme was closed to further accrual during 2016 and the
financial impact is included in the year end values.

The amount recognised in the balance sheet is determined as follows:

2024 2023

£000 £000
Present value of funded defined benefit obligations (10,569) (11,751)
Fair value of plan assets 11,439 11,924
Recognised (asset)/liability for defined benefit obligations
and total employee benefits 870 473
Movements in present value of defined benefit obligations

2024 2023

£000 £000
Att January (11,751) (11,497)
Interest cost (530) (542)
Payments from plan assets 223 250
Actuarial gain / (loss) 1,489 38
At 31 December (10,569) (11,751)

-M4-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Notes to the financial statements

Year ended 31 December 2024

21. Defined benefit pension asset (continued)

Movements in fair value of plan assets

2024 2023

£000 £000
At 1 January 11,924 11,570
Interest income on plan assets 538 546
Contributions by employer - 1,530
Return on plan assets - (1,472)
Payments from plan assets (223) (250)
Actuarial gain / (loss) (800) -

At 31 December 11,439 11,924

Amounts recognised in the income statement in respect of the defined benefit schemes are as follows:

2024 2023
£000 £000
Net interest cost (530) (542)
Expected return on assets 538 546
Total 8 4
Recognised in other comprehensive income:
Re-measurement of gains / (losses) on defined benefit
pension plans 689 (1,430)

Plan assets and rates of return

The fair value of the plan assets and the return on those assets were as follows:

2024 2023

£000 £000
Equities - -
Cash 163 207
Corporate bonds : -
Insurance contracts 11,276 14,717
Total 11,439 11,924
Actual retum on plan assets 538 546

The expected rates of retum on plan assets are determined by reference to relevant indices. The overall
expected rate of return is calculated by weighting the individual rates in accordance with the anticipated
balance in the plan's investment portfolio.

The Company is aware of the High Court ruling in the case of Virgin Media Ltd v NTL Pension Trustees I! Ltd
& Ors. The Company is also aware of a separate court case exploring related issues in which a judgement is
likely to be handed down in Q3 2025. The Company does not expect any material impact based on these
tulings but continues to monitor the topic closely.

=42-


Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Notes to the financial statements

Year ended 31 December 2024

21.

Defined benefit pension asset (continued)

Principal actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages):

2024 2023

% %

Discount rate 5.50 4.51
Expected Long-Term retum on Plan Assets 5.50 451
Future salary increases nla na
Rate of Pension increase 2.75 2.65

In addition to the financial assumptions, the Company regularly reviews the mortality assumptions. The
mortality assumption uses the same tables as the latest funding valuation of the scheme at 20 January 2025.
They led to a further life expectancy for a male currently aged 65 of 22 years and for a female currently aged
65 of 24 years.

Sensitivity analysis

The actuarial assumptions reflect long-term expectations and variations from the assumptions will affect the
valuation results in different ways. The valuation results are particularly sensitive to the financial assumptions.
However, it is important to remember that the financial assumptions are related to each other and should not
be considered in isolation. The differences between investment returns and each of salary growth, pension

increases in payment and in deferment are more important than the absolute value of each individual
assumption.

The results are also sensitive to the mortality assumption. Future longevity, and in particular its rate of
improvement, is now a major risk factor in the ability of pension schemes to deliver the promised benefits.
Substantial increases in longevity have been observed in recent years and it remains possible that these will
continue to occur in the future.

The table below illustrates the approximate impact of changing certain key assumptions in isolation, with all
other assumptions remaining unchanged. The results on the Funding Valuation assumptions adopted by the
Trustees are also shown for comparative purposes.

Impact on scheme liabilities

Assumption Change in assumption Increase 1% Decrease 1%

£000 £000
Discount rate Increase / decrease by 1% (1,389) 1,635
Inflation rate Increase / decrease by 1% (1,232) 1,195,


Ipsen Biopharm Limited
Notes to the financial statements

Year ended 31 December 2024

21. Defined benefit pension asset (continued)
History of plan
The history of the plan for the current and prior periods is as follows:
2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
£000 £'000 £'000 £000 £000
Present value of defined benefit obligations 10,569 11,751 11,497 18,449 19,721
Present value of plan assets (11,439) (11,924) (14,570) (17,144) (14,986)
Deficit / (Surplus) (870) (173) (73) 1,305 4,735
Experience adjustments loss/(gain) -
On plan liabilities (1,489) (38) (7,153) (1,298) 2,679
On plan assets 800 1,472 6,268 (1,585) (264)
The scheme was closed to further accrual on 31%' August 2016 and no contributions are due from the
Company to its defined benefit pian in the next financial year.
22. Employee share schemes
Some of the Company's employees are granted bonus shares by Ipsen SA. The company recharges
expenses related to share-based payments to the group.
Bonus shares
Bonus shares are generally issued annually and comprise 2 categories; performance plans, which are
contingent upon the Ipsen SA Group's achievement of certain performance condition, and non-performance,
which have no performance conditions. These awards have vesting periods of between 2 and 3 years.
Details of the Ipsen SA share bonus shares applicable to the Company's employees are shown below:
Ipsen SA Bonus
Ordinary shares shares
No.000
At 1 January 2024 67
Awarded 35
Exercised/issued (21)
Lapsed/cancelled (7)
At 31 December 2024 14
23. Contingent liabilities

The Company has entered into a cash pooling arrangement with Ipsen Pharma SAS, another Ipsen SA group
company, under the terms of which it is jointly and severally liable for any exposure on the facility. No liability
is expected to arise.

The Company provided a guarantee on behalf of its immediate parent company, Ilpsen Developments Limited
to third parties on the acquisition of a subsidiary. No liability is expected to arise.

As at 31 December 2024 there were no other contingent assets or liabilities that required disclosure in the
Company's financial statements (2023: Enil).


’ Ipsen Biopharm Limited

Notes to the financial statements

Year ended 31 December 2024

24,

25.

26.

27.

Share capital .
Authorised share capital:
Awritten resolution was passed in 2017 to remove the limit on the authorised share capital.
Allotted, called up and fully paid:
2024 2023
No. 000’s £000 No. 000's £000
Ordinary shares of £1 each 308,019 308,019 308,019 308,019
The shares have attached to them full voting, dividend and capital distribution (including on winding up) rights;
they do not confer any rights of redemption.
Reserves
Retained
earnings
£000
Balance brought forward 455,834
Dividend (307,000)
Profit for the financial year 189,829
Balance carried forward 338,663
Ultimate parent company
The Company's immediate parent company and controlling party is Ipsen Developments Limited. The
Company's ultimate parent company and controlling party is Ipsen SA which is incorporated in France.
Ipsen SA heads the smallest group in which the results of the Company are consolidated. The consolidated
financial statements of Ipsen SA are available to the public and may be obtained from 70 rue Balard, 75015
Paris, France.
Subsequent events

Net Sales of Onivyde® in Europe and Asia during FY 2024 exceeded the sales thresholds triggering a $50
million milestone payment as per the Assignment, Sublicense, and Collaboration Agreement with
PharmaEngine Inc. This was executed on 3rd March 2025.

45 -

