Company registration number: 10075531

Jeunesse Ltd
Unaudited Filleted Financial Statements for the
year ended
31 March 2025

Jeunesse Ltd

Chartered accountant's report to the board of directors on the
preparation of the unaudited statutory financial statements of
Jeunesse Ltd

Year ended 31 March 2025

In order to assist you to fulfil your duties under the Companies Act 2006, | have
prepared for your approval the financial statements of Jeunesse Ltd for the year
ended 31 March 2025 which comprise the income statement, statement of financial
position and related notes from the company’s accounting records and from
information and explanations you have given me.

As a practising member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and
Wales (ICAEW), | am subject to its ethical and other professional requirements which
are detailed at icaew.com/regulations.

This report is made solely to the Board of Directors of Jeunesse Ltd, as a body, in
accordance with the terms of my engagement letter dated 6 February 2025. My work
has been undertaken solely to prepare for your approval the financial statements of
Jeunesse Ltd and state those matters that | have agreed to state to the Board of
Directors of Jeunesse Ltd, as a body, in this report in accordance with ICAEW
Technical Release 07/16 AAF. To the fullest extent permitted by law, | do not accept
or assume responsibility to anyone other than Jeunesse Ltd and its Board of
Directors, as a body, for my work or for this report.

It is your duty to ensure that Jeunesse Ltd has kept adequate accounting records and
to prepare statutory financial statements that give a true and fair view of the assets,
liabilities, financial position and profit of Jeunesse Ltd. You consider that Jeunesse
Ltd is exempt from the statutory audit requirement for the year.

| have not been instructed to carry out an audit or a review of the financial statements
of Jeunesse Ltd. For this reason, | have not verified the accuracy or completeness of
the accounting records or information and explanations you have given to me and |
do not, therefore, express any opinion on the statutory financial statements.

Crown & Co Accountants Limited

Singleton Court Business Park
Wonastow Road

Monmouth

Monmouthshire

NP25 5JA

United Kingdom

Date: 27 June 2025

Jeunesse Ltd
Statement of Financial Position

31 March 2025

2025 2024
Note £ £
FIXED ASSETS
Tangible assets 5 4,587 5,957
CURRENT ASSETS
Stocks 710 675
Cash at bank and in hand 9,655 7,620
10,365 8,295
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 6 (3,111) (5,225)
Net current assets 7,254 3,070
Total assets less current liabilities 11,841 9,027
CAPITAL AND RESERVES
Called up share capital 1 1
Profit and loss account 11,840 9,026
Shareholders funds 44841.—«9,027 |

For the year ending 31 March 2025, the company was entitled to exemption from
audit under section 477 of the Companies Act 2006 relating to small companies.

Directors’ responsibilities:

© The members have not required the company to obtain an audit of its financial
statements for the year in question in accordance with section 476;

® The directors acknowledge their responsibilities for complying with the
requirements of the Act with respect to accounting records and the preparation of
financial statements.

These financial statements have been prepared and delivered in accordance with the
provisions applicable to companies subject to the small companies’ regime.

In accordance with Section 444 of the Companies Act 2006, the income statement
has not been delivered.

These financial statements were approved by the board of directors and authorised

for issue on 27 June 2025, and are signed on behalf of the board by:

J Mcneil

Director

Company registration number: 10075531

Jeunesse Ltd
Notes to the Financial Statements

Year ended 31 March 2025

1 GENERAL INFORMATION

The company is a private company limited by shares and is registered in England
and Wales. The address of the registered office is Mosaic House Beachley Road,
Tutshill, Chepstow, Gwent, NP16 7EG, Wales.

2 STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE

These financial statements have been prepared in compliance with FRS 102 Section
1A, 'The Financial Reporting Standard applicable to the UK and Republic of Ireland’.

3 ACCOUNTING POLICIES
BASIS OF PREPARATION

The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, as modified
by the revaluation of certain assets.

The financial statements are prepared in sterling, which is the functional currency of
the company.

TURNOVER

Turnover is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for
goods supplied, net of discounts and Value Added Tax.

Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when the significant risks and rewards
of ownership have transferred to the buyer, usually on despatch of the goods; the
amount of revenue can be measured reliably; it is probable that the associated
economic benefits will flow to the entity; and the costs incurred or to be incurred in
respect of the transactions can be measured reliably.

CURRENT TAX

Current tax is recognised on taxable profit for the current and past periods. Current
tax is measured at the amounts of tax expected to pay or recover using the tax rates
and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

TANGIBLE ASSETS

Tangible assets are initially measured at cost, and are subsequently measured at
cost less any accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses or at a
revalued amount.

Any tangible assets carried at a revalued amount are recorded at the fair value at the
date of revaluation less any subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent

accumulated impairment losses.

An increase in the carrying amount of an asset as a result of a revaluation is
recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in capital and reserves.
However, the increase is recognised in profit or loss to the extent that it reverses a
revaluation decrease of the same asset previously recognised in profit or loss. A
decrease in the carrying amount of an asset as a result of revaluation is recognised
in other comprehensive income to the extent of any previously recognised revaluation
increase accumulated in capital and reserves. If a revaluation decrease exceeds the
accumulated revaluation gains accumulated in capital and reserves in respect of that
asset, the excess is recognised in profit or loss.

IMPAIRMENT

A review for indicators of impairment is carried out at each reporting date, with the
recoverable amount being estimated where such indicators exist. Where the carrying
value exceeds the recoverable amount, the asset is impaired accordingly. Prior
impairments are also reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting date.

STOCKS

Stocks are measured at the lower of cost and estimated selling price less costs to
complete and sell. Cost includes all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other
costs incurred in bringing the stocks to their present location and condition.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

A financial asset or a financial liability is recognised only when the entity becomes a
party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

Basic financial instruments are initially recognised at the transaction price and are
subsequently measured as follows: Debt instruments are subsequently measured at
amortised cost and commitments to receive a loan and to make a loan to another
entity are subsequently measured at amortised cost. Where investments in
non-convertible preference shares and non-puttable ordinary shares or preference
shares are publicly traded or their fair value can otherwise be measured reliably, the
investment is subsequently measured at fair value with changes in fair value
recognised in profit or loss. All other such investments are subsequently measured at
cost less impairment.

All other financial instruments, including derivatives, are initially recognised at fair
value, which is normally the transaction price and are subsequently measured at fair
value, with any changes recognised in profit or loss.

Financial assets that are measured at cost or amortised cost are reviewed for
objective evidence of impairment at the end of each reporting date. If there is
objective evidence of impairment, an impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss
immediately.

All equity instruments regardless of significance, and other financial assets that are
individually significant, are assessed individually for impairment. Other financial
assets or either assessed individually or grouped on the basis of similar credit risk
characteristics.

Any reversals of impairment are recognised in profit or loss immediately, to the extent
that the reversal does not result in a carrying amount of the financial asset that

exceeds what the carrying amount would have been had the impairment not
previously been recognised.

4 AVERAGE NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES

The average number of persons employed by the company during the year was 2
(2024: nil).

5 TANGIBLE ASSETS

Plant and
machinery etc.
£
COST
At 1 April 2024 and 31 March 2025 9,134
DEPRECIATION
At 1 April 2024 3,177
Charge 1,370
At 31 March 2025 4,547
CARRYING AMOUNT
At 31 March 2025 4,587
At 31 March 2024 5,957
6 CREDITORS: AMOUNTS FALLING DUE WITHIN ONE YEAR
2025 2024
£ £
Taxation and social security 1,116 684
Other creditors 1,995 4,541

3,111 5,225


This document was delivered using electronic communications and authenticated in
accordance with the registrar's rules relating to electronic form, authentication and
manner of delivery under section 1072 of the Companies Act 2006.
