Registration number: 02550962

Lonza Group UK Ltd

Annual Report and Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 December 2024

IO

14/06/2025 #281
COMPANIES HOUSE

SATURDAY

Lonza Group UK Ltd
j—[——_

ce

Contents
Page(s)

Company information 1
Strategic report 2-3
Directors' report 4-5
Statement of directors' responsibilities 6
Independent auditor's report to the members of Lonza Group UK Ltd 7-9
Income statement 10
Statement of financial position MW
Statement of changes in equity 2

Notes to the financial statements 13 - 23

Lonza Group UK Ltd

Company information

Directors Ralf Manfred Geier-Cibin
Johann Claude Schwaller

Company secretary Richard Paul Coop

Registered number 02550962

Registered office 228 Bath Road
Slough
Berkshire
SLI 4DX

Banker HSBC
City Branch
33 Park Row
Leeds
West Yorkshire
LSI ILD

Auditor Deloitte LLP
Abbots House
Abbey Street
Reading
RGI 3BD

Tax advisor Est and Young LLP
I Bridgewater Place
Water Lane
Leeds
LS11 SQR


Lonza Group UK Ltd

Strategic report
For the year ended 31 December 2024

The directors present the Strategic report of Lonza Group UK Ltd (the "Company") for the year ended 31 December 2024.

Business strategy

Lonza Group UK Ltd is the immediate holding company of Lonza Biologics Plc, a leading development services provider
and contract manufacturer as part of Lonza Group and benefits from Lonza's excellent reputation in the market place and the
continued strong growth in the biopharmaceutical market. The group develops its technological know-how to grow its
business with new and existing customers.

Principal activities and future developments
The principal activity of the Company is primarily to act as an investment holding company. It is also earning revenue from
the provision of administration and sales services to group companies.

The Company will continue to develop its existing activities in accordance with the requirements of the group. The
Company does not undertake independent trading activities, and no significant changes in its operations or developments
are anticipated.

Principal risks and uncertainties facing the business

As an investment holding company primarily, the Company’s principal risks and uncertainties are directly related to Lonza
Biologics Plc and accordingly no specific risks and uncertainties are identified in these financial statements. The risks
involved in Lonza Biologics Plc in terms of foreign currency exposure, capacity, resource utilisation rates, inventory and
impairment risks are covered by Lonza Group companies. The primary remaining risks in the area of credit and liquidity
risk are closely monitored and reviewed by the Board of Lonza Biologics Plc.

The employee costs are recharged to the parent company, so all associated risks are managed by the wider Lonza Group.

Business performance

‘The directors have determined that the result before tax and the net assets or liabilities are the most appropriate key
performance indicators (KPIs) for an understanding of the development, performance and position of the Company. The
primary purpose of the entity is to employ and retain staff on behalf of the group. The results for the Company show a profit
before tax of £30.7 million (2023: £0.5 million). As at 31 December 2024, the Company had net assets of £47.5 million (31
December 2023: £16.9 million). The increase in profit is related to the increase in the dividend income by £30 million from
Lonza Biologics Plc.

Section 172 Companies Act 2006 Statement

The Directors of the Company are mindful of their duty under Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 to act in a way they
consider, in good faith, would most likely promote the success of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole. In
fulfilling this duty, the Directors have regard, among other matters, to:

(a) The likely consequences of any decisions in the long term

The Board is committed to making decisions that support the sustainable growth and long-term success of the Company.
Strategic initiatives, investments, and operational changes are evaluated not only for their immediate impact, but also for
their long-term benefits to the Company and its stakeholders.

Our project management framework, guiding initiatives from initial concept to final delivery, helps drive the effective
execution of our growth strategies. We apply a rigorous selection process that aligns with both our customers’ evolving
needs and our own long-term success, focusing on factors such as strategic alignment, market potential, feasibility and
retum on investment. This comprehensive approach reinforces our confidence in generating sustained value for the business
in the long run.

(b) The interests of the Company’s employees
We have a broad range of cultural backgrounds across our global employee community and our workforce includes different
nationalities.

All our programs and actions are guided by the Lonza People Strategy which is designed to enable our people to Come,
Stay and Grow and Make a Meaningful Difference. We regularly monitor the progress and impact of these programs
through our Voice of Employee (VoE) engagement survey.


Lonza Group UK Ltd

Strategic report (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024

(c) The need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers, and others
The Board recognises that strong, collaborative relationships with suppliers, customers, regulators, and other stakeholders
are essential to the Company’s success.

Exceptional customer service is fundamental to building lasting relationships. We work to earn customer trust and loyalty
through our consistent focus on operational excellence, our strong track record on quality, and our commitment to
delivering value and right-first time.

Our Supplier Code of Conduct, updated in 2023, sets expectations for ethical practices, sustainability, and transparency. We
continue to strengthen our Responsible Sourcing programme globally. Further details can be found on page 24 of the Lonza
2024 Sustainability Report (available on our website).

(d) The impact of the Company's operations on the community and the environment

Sustainability is a critical component of our strategy and an ethical imperative for our business. We aim to source 100% of
our electricity from renewable sources by 2025, where available, and are committed to reducing our carbon footprint and
environmental impact across all operations.

Alongside minimizing our own environmental impact, we recognize the role of collaboration with our suppliers in
achieving sustainability throughout our value chain globally. We have updated our Responsible Supplier Toolkit to provide
practical guidance and clarify our expectations in relation to sustainability and decarbonization. In 2024, we also developed
an extensive supplier decarbonization training program covering topics including setting science-based targets, emissions
reduction strategies and product carbon footprints.

(e) The desirability of maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct
The Company operates with integrity, transparency, and accountability. The Board upholds the highest standards of ethical
conduct and decision-making in all areas of business.

All employees complete mandatory annual Code of Conduct training, which includes signing an integrity pledge. This is
supplemented by required training on anti-bribery, competition law, insider trading, and conflicts of interest. These
measures ensure that employees understand and commit to our values and legal obligations.

The Board also monitors compliance with policies and regularly reviews the effectiveness of our governance framework.

(f) The need to act fairly as between members of the Company
The Board is committed to treating all shareholders fairly and equitably. Decisions are made with due regard to the interests
of all members, ensuring that no individual or group is unfairly advantaged or disadvantaged.

The Board maintains transparent communication with shareholders and provides regular updates through appropriate
channels, including financial reports and governance disclosures

This report was approved by the board of directors on 12 June 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

Johann Claude Schwaller
Director

Registered Office
228 Bath Road
Slough

Berkshire

SLI 4DX


Lonza Group UK Ltd

Directors’ report
For the year ended 31 December 2024

The directors present their report and the audited financial statements of Lonza Group UK Ltd (the "Company") for the year
ended 31 December 2024.

Dividends
During the year, no dividends were declared or paid (2023: £nil).

Directors of the Company
The directors who served the Company during the year and to the date of the financial statements being approved, unless
otherwise stated, were as follows:

Ralf Manfred Geier-Cibin
Johann Claude Schwaller (appointed on | May 2024)
Sandeepan Chakrawertti (resigned on | May 2024)

Going concern
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concem basis which the directors consider to be appropriate for the
reasons mentioned in note 2.

Streamlined energy and Carbon reporting (SECR)
The Company is not required to make detailed disclosures relating to its greenhouse gas and energy usage for the year ended
31 December 2024 as it qualifies as a low emissions reporter.

Policy and practice on payment of suppliers
It is the Group's policy in respect of all its suppliers to settle the terms of payment when agreeing the terms of each
transaction, to ensure those suppliers are made aware of the terms of payment, and to abide by the terms of payment.

Employees

The Company believes it is important that employees are informed regularly about aspects of the business and its progress
which the Company considers are relevant to them. Communications at the time of key announcements include
presentations to all employees, together with briefings throughout the year. Emails and the Company's intranet site are used
to update employees. In addition regular meetings are held with staff and managers, both to raise issues and to assist with
the two-way flow of information. Employee communications are regularly reviewed by the directors and improvements are
implemented as required. The Company actively encourages and financially supports a wide range of sports and social
functions many of which are organised by the Sports and Social Club.

The Company understands that continuing education, training and development of staff are important to ensure its future
success, It therefore supports individuals who wish to obtain appropriate further educational qualifications.

Lonza recognises that its people are the cornerstone of its success and we value our diversity as a source of strength. Lonza
is committed to non-discriminatory working practices. Independent of their position, all employees are duty bound to treat
their colleagues with faimess, courtesy, and respect irrespective of ethnicity, national origin, colour, religion, marital status,
sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression, creed, age, sex, disability, veteran status or any similar
characteristic.

Equal opportunities
The Company is committed to offering equal opportunities in recruitment, training, career development and promotion to
all people, including those with disabilities, having regard for their particular aptitudes and abilities. Full and fair
consideration is given to applicants with disabilities and every effort is made to give employees who become disabled
whilst employed by the Company an opportunity for retraining and continuation in employment. The training, career
development and promotion of disabled persons should, as far as possible, be the same as that of other employees.

Financial risk management
Particulars of risk are detailed in the Strategic report.

Political contributions
During the year, the Company did not donate to political organisations (2023: £nil).


Lonza Group UK Ltd

Directors’ report (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024

Qualifying indemnity provisions

During the year the Company had in force an indemnity provision in favour of one or more directors of the Company
against liability in respect of proceedings brought by third parties, subject to the conditions set out in the Companies Act
2006.

Disclosure of information to auditor

The directors who held office at the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware,
there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditor is unaware and each director has taken all the steps
that he ought to have taken as a director to make himself aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the
Company's auditor is aware of that information.

This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of section 418 of the Companies Act
2006.

Events after the end of the reporting period
The directors are not aware of any adjusting or non-adjusting post-balance sheet events.

Independent auditor
Deloitte LLP were appointed to act as the Company's auditors pursuant to section 485 of the Companies Act 2006.

This report was approved by the board of directors on 12 June 2025 and signed on its behalf by:

ae

Johann Claude Schwaller
Director

Registered Office
228 Bath Road
Slough

Berkshire

SLI 4DX

Lonza Group UK Ltd ros oe

‘Statement of directors’ responsibilities
For the year ended 31 December 2024

The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable
law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law they have elected
to prepare the financial statements in accordance with UK accounting standards and applicable law (UK Generally Accepted
Accounting Practice), including FRS 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and
fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing these
financial statements, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

© make judgements and estimates that are reasonable, relevant and reliable;

state whether applicable UK accounting standards have been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and
explained in the financial statements; and

© prepare the financial statements on the going concer basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the company will
continue in business.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable
them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such intemal
control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to
them to safeguard the assets of the Company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.


Independent auditor's report to the members of Lonza Group UK Ltd

Report on the audit of the financial statements

Opinion

In our opinion the financial statements of Lonza Group UK Ltd (the ‘Company"):

© give atrue and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 December 2024 and of its profit for the year then
ended;

© have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice, including
Financial Reporting Standard 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”; and

* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We have audited the financial statements which comprise:
the Income statement;
the Statement of financial position;

the Statement of changes in equity;

the material accounting policy information; and
the related notes I to 22.

The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting.
Standards, including Financial Reporting Standard 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial
‘statements section of our report.

We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
statements in the UK, including the Financial Reporting Council's (the ‘FRC’s’) Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the
preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that,
individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concem for a period
of at least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.

Our responsibi
of this report.

-s and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concem are described in the relevant sections

Other information
The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial statements and our
auditor's report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information contained within the annual report. Our opinion
on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our
report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Our respon: is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit, or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to
determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in the financial statements themselves. If, based on the work we
have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.


Independent auditor's report to the members of Lonza Group UK Ltd (continued)

Responsibilities of directors

As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement, the directors are responsible for the preparation of the
financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concer, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concem and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the
directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is
a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website at:
www. fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsil ies. This description forms part of our auditor’s report.

Extent to which the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with
our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to
which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed below.

We considered the nature of the Company's industry and its control environment, and reviewed the Company's documentation
of their policies and procedures relating to fraud and compliance with laws and regulations. We also enquired of management
and the directors about their own identification and assessment of the risks of irregularities, including those that are specific
to the Company’s business sector.

We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory framework that the Company operates in, and identified the key

laws and regulations that:

* hada direct effect on the determination of material amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. These included
UK Companies Act, pensions legislation, tax legislation; and

© donot have a direct effect on the financial statements but compliance with which may be fundamental to the Company’s
ability to operate or to avoid a material penalty. These included health and safety regulations, competition law,
employment law and general data protection regulations.

We discussed among the audit engagement team including relevant internal specialists such as tax and pensions regarding the
opportunities and incentives that may exist within the organisation for fraud and how and where fraud might occur in the
financial statements.

In common with all audits under ISAs (UK), we are also required to perform specific procedures to respond to the risk of
management override. In addressing the risk of fraud through management override of controls, we tested the appropriateness
of journal entries and other adjustments; assessed whether the judgements made in making accounting estimates are indicative
of a potential bias; and evaluated the business rationale of any significant transactions that are unusual or outside the normal
course of business.

Independent auditor's report to the members of Lonza Group UK Ltd (continued)

{In addition to the above, our procedures to respond to the risks identified included the following:

© reviewing financial statement disclosures by testing to supporting documentation to assess compliance with provisions
of relevant laws and regulations described as having a direct effect on the financial statements;

© performing analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships that may indicate risks of material
misstatement due to fraud;

‘* enquiring of management, in-house and external legal counsel concerning actual and potential litigation and claims, and
instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations; and

‘* reading minutes of meetings of those charged with governance and reviewing correspondence with HMRC.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006

In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year for which the financial
statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

‘© the strategic report and the directors’ report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the Company and its environment obtained in the course of the audit, we
have not identified any material misstatements in the strategic report or the directors’ report.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report in respect of the following matters if, in our opinion:
* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches
not visited by us; or
the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the Company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies
Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required
to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or
‘assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this
report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Gavin Waters , FCA (Senior Statutory Auditor)
For and on behalf of Deloitte LLP
Statutory Auditor
Reading, United Kingdom
12 June2025


Lonza Group UK Ltd

Income statement 3
For the year ended 31 December 2024

Revenue

Administrative expenses

Operating profit

Income from shares in subsidiary undertakings
Interest payable and similar charges

Profit before tax

Tax on profit

Profit for the financial year

None of the Company's activities were acquired or discontinued during the above financial year.

Note

2024
£000

5,179
(4,409)

770

30,000
(77)

30,693
(118)

30,575

2023
£000

5,373
(4,759)

614

(68)

546
co)

539

The Company has no other comprehensive income during the year (2023: £nil) and therefore no Statement of
comprehensive income has been prepared. Total comprehensive income is equal to results for the financial year presented

above.

The notes on pages 13 to 23 form an integral part of these financial statements.

10

Lonza Group UK Ltd
tration number: 02550962

Statement of financial position
As at 31 December 2024

Note
Fixed assets
Investments in subsidiary undertaking 2
Current assets
Debtors: amounts falling due within one year B
Cash and cash equivalents 4
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 16
Net current assets/(liabilities)
Total assets less current liabilities
Net assets
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 7
Share based payment reserve 20
Profit and loss account 18
Total equity

2024
£000

18,000

18,000

30,232
341

30,573
(1,049)

29,524

47,524

47,524

17,000
(2,452)
32,976

47,524

2023
£000

18,000

18,000

1,466
709

2,175
(3,226)

(1,051)

16,949

16,949

17,000
(2,452)
2,401

16,949

The financial statements were approved by the board of directors on 12 June 2025 and were signed on its behalf by:

Johann Claude Schwaller
Director

Registered Office
228 Bath Road
Slough

Berkshire

SLI 4DX

The notes on pages 13 to 23 form an integral part of these financial statements.


Lonza Group UK Ltd

Statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 December 2024

Atl January 2023
Profit for the year

Total comprehensive income for the year

Charge from parent for equity-settled share based
payments

Expense relating to equity-settled share based payments
(note 20)

Transactions with owners, recorded directly in
equity

At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024

Profit for the year

Total comprehensive income for the year
Charge from parent for equity-settled share based

payments

Expense relating to equity-settled share based payments
(note 20)

Transactions with owners, recorded directly in
equity

At 31 December 2024

Share based
Called up payment Profit and loss
share capital reserve account Total equity
£000 £000 £000 £000
17,000 (1,330) 1,862 17,532
- - 539 539
- - 539 539
: (1,263) . (1,263)
- 141 - 141
- (1,122) - (1,122)
17,000 (2,452) 2,401 16,949
- - 30,575 30,575
: : 30,575 30,575
- (549) - (549)
- 549 : 549
17,000 (2,452) 32,976 47,524

The notes on pages 13 to 23 form an integral part of these financial statements.


Lonza Group UK Ltd

Notes to the financial statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

1.

General Information

Lonza Group UK Ltd (the “Company”) is a private company limited by shares and is incorporated and domiciled in
England in the United Kingdom. The address of the Company's registered office is shown on the Company
information page. The principal activities of the Company are described in the Strategic report on page 2.

The Company is exempt by virtue of section 401 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare group
financial statements. These financial statements present information about the Company as an individual undertaking
and not about its group. The Company’s ultimate parent undertaking, Lonza Group AG includes the Company in its
consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of Lonza Group AG are prepared in
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and are available to the public and may be obtained
from www.lonza.com, or alternatively from Lonza Group AG, Muenchensteinerstrasse 38, CH-4002, Basel.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure
Framework (“FRS 101").

In preparing these financial statements, the Company applies the recognition, measurement and disclosure
requirements of International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the UK (UK Adopted Intemational
Accounting Standards), but makes amendments where necessary in order to comply with Companies Act 2006 and
has set out below where advantage of the FRS 101 disclosure exemptions has been taken.

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with FRS 101 requires the use of certain critical accounting
estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Company's
accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions
and estimates are significant to the financial statements are disclosed in note 3.

In these financial statements, the Company has applied the exemptions available under FRS 101 in respect of the
following disclosures:

The requirements of IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows;

‘© The requirements of the second sentence of paragraph 1 10 and paragraphs | 13(a), | 14, 115, 1 18, 1 19(a) to
(©), 120 to 127 and 129 of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers;

‘the requirement in paragraph 38 of IAS | ‘Presentation of Financial Statements’ to present comparative
information in respect of paragraph 79(a)(iv) of [AS 1;

* — the requirements of paragraph 17 and 18A of IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures;

* — The requirements in IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures to disclose related party transactions entered into between
two or more members of a group, provided that any subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is wholly
‘owned by such a member;

the requirements of paragraphs 10(d), 10(f), 16, 38A, 38B, 38C, 38D, 40A, 40B, 40C, 40D, 111 and 134-136 of
IAS I Presentation of Financial Statements; and.

the requirements of paragraphs 30 and 31 of IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and
Errors.

As the consolidated financial statements of Lonza Group AG include the equivalent disclosures, the Company has
also taken the exemptions under FRS 101 available in respect of the following disclosures:

© The requirements of IFRS 2 Share-Based Payments: Disclosure requirements of in respect of group settled
share-based payments;

© The requirements of IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures; and

«The requirements of paragraphs 88C and 88D of [AS 12 Income taxes.

Lonza Group UK Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024

2.

Accounting policies

Summary of material accounting policies and key accounting estimates
The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all periods
presented in these financial statements.

Basis of measurement
The financial statements have been prepared on the going concern basis under the historical cost convention.

Functional and presentation currency

These financial statements are presented in Pounds Sterling, which is the Company's functional currency. All
financial information presented in Pounds Sterling has been rounded to the nearest thousand (£000) and
consistently applied in all notes.

Going concern
The financial statements have been prepared, on a going concer basis which the directors consider to be
appropriate for the following reasons.

The directors have performed a going concern assessment which indicates that, taking account of reasonably
possible downsides, the Company will have sufficient funds, through funding from its ultimate parent company,
Lonza Group AG, to meet its liabilities as they fall due during the going concem assessment period.

The directors have performed a going concern assessment which indicates that, taking account of £29,524,000
in net current assets as at 31 December 2024 and the reasonably possible downsides, the Company will have
sufficient funds, through funding from its ultimate parent company, Lonza Group AG, to meet its liabilities as
they fall due during the going concern assessment period.

The assessment was dependent on Lonza Group AG providing additional financial support during the going
concem assessment period. Lonza Group AG has indicated its intention to continue to make available such
funds as are needed by the Company during the going concern assessment period.

Consequently, the directors are confident that the Company will have sufficient funds to continue to meet its
liabilities as they fall due for at least 12 months from the date of approval of the financial statements and
therefore have prepared the financial statements on a going concem basis.

Revenue recognition

Revenue, which is stated net of value added tax, represents amounts derived from recharges to the parent
company for provision of services and these comprise administration and sales services. Revenue is recognised
when services related costs are incurred and recharged to the parent company. Revenue is recognised for all
revenue streams at a point in time.

Trade and other receivables
Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are stated at original invoiced amount less an appropriate
allowance for expected credit losses. At each reporting date, the Company measures the loss allowance at an
amount equal to the lifetime expected credit losses.

The Company applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. Since the majority of the Company's receivables are
intercompany and there have been no historical losses, nor any events or indicators which would cause the
directors to believe that there will be any future losses, the directors are comfortable that the risk is minimal.

Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery.
A default on a trade receivable occurs when the debtor fails to make contractual payments when they fall due.
Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are
measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.


Lonza Group UK Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024

2.

Accounting policies (continued)

Investment in subsidiaries
Investment in subsidiary undertakings are disclosed at cost less any impairment. Where management identifies
uncertainties over such investments, the investment is impaired to a present estimate of its net realisable value.

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits.

Equity-settled share based payment transactions

The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at the date as
which they are granted and is recognised as an expense over the vesting period, which ends on the date on
which the relevant employees become fully entitled to the award, Fair value is determined by the market price
of the shares of the ultimate parent undertaking. In valuing equity-settled transaction, no account is taken of any
vesting conditions, other than conditions linked to the price of the shares of the Company (market conditions).
No expense is recognised for awards that do not ultimately vest, except for awards where vesting is conditional
upon a market condition, which are treated as vesting irrespective of whether or not the market condition is
satisfied, provided that all other performance conditions are satisfied.

At each balance sheet date before vesting, the cumulative expense is calculated, representing the extent to
which the vesting period has expired and management's best estimate of the achievement or otherwise of non-
market conditions and therefore the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest or, in the case of an
instrument subject to a market condition, be treated as vesting as described above. The movement in cumulative
expense, calculated on an employee by employee basis and allocated from the group level, since the previous
balance sheet date is recognised in the Income statement, with a corresponding entry in equity.

The Company, which is part of the group plan, recognises and measures its share based payment expense based
on a reasonable allocation of the employee's period of service to the Company.

Where the Company’s parent grants rights to its equity instruments to the Company's employees, which are
accounted for as equity-settled in the consolidated accounts of the parent, the Company accounts for these
share-based payments as equity-settled. Amounts recharged by the parent are recognised as a an inter-company
liability with a corresponding debit to equity.

Pensions

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the Company pays fixed
contributions into a separate entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts.
Obligations for the contribution to defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an expense in the
Income statement when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash
refund or a reduction in future payments is available.

Foreign currency translation

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated to the Company's functional currencies at the foreign exchange
rate ruling at the date of the transaction, Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the
Statement of financial position date are retranslated to the functional currency at the foreign exchange rate
ruling at that date.

Foreign exchange differences arising on translation are recognised in the Income statement.

15

Lonza Group UK Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024

Accounting poli

(continued)

Taxation
Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the Income
statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is recognised

in equity.

Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or
‘substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is measured at the tax
rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, based on the laws that
have been enacted by the reporting date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally
enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets.

A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be
available against which the temporary difference can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each
reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be
realised.

Impairment
(i) Financial assets

A financial asset not carried at fair value through profit or loss is assessed at each reporting date to determine
whether there is objective evidence that it is impait cial asset is impaired if objective evidence
indicates that a loss event has occurred after the it in of the asset, and that the loss event had a
negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of that asset that can be estimated reliably.

An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset measured at amortised cost is calculated as the difference
between its carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset's
original effective interest rate. Interest on the impaired asset continues to be recognised through the unwinding,
of the discount. When a subsequent event causes the recoverable amount to increase as a result of a change in
economic conditions or in the expected use of the asset, the impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss.

(i) Non-financial assets
The carrying amounts of the Company’s non-financial assets, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine
whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount
is estimated.

The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value
less costs to sell. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value
using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
specific to the asset. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped
together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely
independent of the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets (the “cash-generating unit”).

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its CGU exceeds its estimated
recoverable amount. [mpairment losses are recognised in profit or loss.

Impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the
loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the
estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the
asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined if no impairment
loss had been recognised.

16

Lonza Group UK Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024

2.

Accounting policies (continued)

Dividends
Dividend income received in the form of cash is recognised in the Statement of comprehensive income. All
dividend distributions are recognised in reserves.

Financial expenses
Financial expenses comprise interest expense on borrowings and net exchange losses of foreign currency
deposits and balances. All borrowing costs are recognised in the Income statement using the effective interest
method.

Foreign currency gains and losses are reported on a net basis.

Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Equity instruments are measured at the fair value of the cash or other
resources received or receivable, net of the direct costs of issuing the equity instruments. If payment is deferred
and the time value of money is material, the initial measurement is on a present value basis.

Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

The preparation of financial statements in compliance with FRS 101 requires management to make judgements,
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported for assets and liabilities as at the Statement of financial
position date and the amounts reported for revenues and expenses during the period. However, the nature of
estimation means that actual outcomes could differ from those estimates.

There are no judgements and estimates that have a significant effect on amounts recognised in the financial
statements.

New and amended standards and interpretations
‘The nature and impact of each new standard or amendment is described below:

Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Non current liabilities with covenants-
Amendments to IAS I

This amendment requires that an entity’s right to defer settlement of a liability for at least twelve months after the
reporting period must have substance and must exist at the end of the reporting period. Classification of a liability is
unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement for at least twelve months after
the reporting period. If an entity's right to defer is subject to the entity complying with specified conditions, such
conditions affect whether that right exists at the end of the reporting period, if the entity is required to comply with
the condition on or before the end of the reporting period and not if the entity is required to comply with the
conditions after the reporting period.

Supplier Finance Arrangements - Amendments to 1AS 7 and IFRS 7
This amendment requires entities to provide certain specific disclosures (qualitative and quantitative) related to
supplier finance arrangements. The amendments also provide guidance on characteristics of supplier finance
arrangements.

Lease liability in sale and leaseback - Amendments to IFRS 16
This amendment provides a requirement for the seller-lessee to determine ‘lease payments’ or ‘revised lease
payments” in a way that the seller-lessee would not recognise any amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right
of use retained by the seller-lessee.

These amendments had no impact on the financial statements of the Company.

‘None of the other new standards or interpretations had an impact on the Company.


Lonza Group UK Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.

Revenue

An analysis of revenue by class of business is as follows:

2024 2023

£000 £000
Rendering of services 5,179 5,373
The analysis of revenue by geographical market is as follows:

2024 2023

£000 £000
Europe 5,179 5,373
Operating profit
The operating profit is stated after charging:

2024 2023

£000 £000
Auditor's remuneration: audit of these financial statements 28 ul
Staff costs (note 9) 4,030 4,197

No non-audit services were provided by the auditor of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2024 and
31 December 2023.

Income from shares in subsidiary undertakings

2024 2023
£000 £000
Dividend received from subsidiary undertaking 30,000 -

Directors’ remuneration

The directors are also directors of other Lonza subsidiaries, which settle their remuneration. It is not practicable to
determine the value of the directors’ qualifying services to this entity specifically, as the directors provide such
services to multiple entities. The directors also believe the allocable value would be negligible. Accordingly, no
allocation has been made. The remuneration paid by Lonza Biologics Plc has been disclosed in its financial
statements.

Staff numbers and costs
2024 2023
£000 £000
Wages and salaries 2,861 3,259
Social security costs 484 662
Other pension costs 136 135
Share based payments 549 141
4,030 4,197

18

Lonza Group UK Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024

10.

11.

Staff numbers and costs (continued)

The average monthly number of employees during the year were as follows:

Administration
Sales

Interest payable and similar charges

Interest on amounts owed to group undertakings

Tax on profit

Current tax:

Current tax on profits for the year
Adjustments in respect of previous periods
Total current tax

Deferred tax

Origination and reversal of timing differences
Arising from changes in tax laws/rates applied
Adjustment in respect of previous periods

Total deferred tax

Total tax charge

2024 2023
No. No.
20 18

4 5

2024 2023
£000 £000
7 68

2024 2023
£000 £000
31 a7)
- (2)
3u (173)
(193) 176
- 2

- 2
(193) 180

118 7


Lonza Group UK Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024

1.

Tax on profit (continued)

Factors affecting tax charge for the year

The tax on profit before tax for the year is lower than the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK (2023: lower
than) the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK of 25% (2023: 23.5%).

The differences are reconciled below:

2024 2023
£000 £000
Profit before tax 30,693 546

— 1 ————

Profit before tax multiplied by standard rate of corporation tax in the UK of 25%

(2023: 23.5%) 7,673 128
Effects of:

Impact of changes in tax laws/rates applied - 2
Share options (53) (123)
{ncome not taxable (7,500) -
Total tax charge for the year 118 7

Factors that may affect future tax charges

The Finance Act 2021 included measures to increase the standard rate of UK corporation tax to 25% with effect
from | April 2023. The Finance Act 2021 was enacted in June 2021 and accordingly, this rate is applicable to the
measurements of current and deferred tax balances at 31 December 2024.

In 2023, the company applied for a Bilateral Advance Pricing Arrangement between the UK and Switzerland to
benefit from certainty on the appropriateness of its intercompany. The process is currently still ongoing.

OECD Pillar Two

The entity is within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two model rules. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted in the
UK, the jurisdiction in which the entity is incorporated, and is effective in 2024.

Under the legislation, the group is liable to pay a top-up tax in the UK for the difference between the GloBE
effective tax rate for each jurisdiction and the 15% minimum rate. In addition, top-up taxes are payable locally where
qualifying domestic minimum top-up taxes have been legislated and are in effect.

The entity applies the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities
related to Pillar Two income taxes, as provided in the amendments to LAS 12 issued in May 2023.

FRS 101 provides exemption from the disclosure requirements of paragraphs 88C and 88D of IAS 12 Income taxes
provided that equivalent disclosures are included in the consolidated financial statements of the group in which the
entity is consolidated.

20

Lonza Group UK Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024

12. Investments in subsidiary undertaking
Subsidiary
undertaking
£000
Cost and carrying amount
At I January 2023 and 31 December 2023 18,000
18,000
At I January 2024 and 31 December 2024
Details of subsidiary undertaking:
Company name Registered address Principal activity Class of Holding
shares
Lonza Biologics Plc 228 Bath Road, Slough, Manufacturing, development and Ordinary 100%
Berkshire, SLI 4DX consultancy service
The directors have reconsidered the carrying value of the investment at the end of 2024 and have concluded that the
carrying value is adequately supported by the underlying net assets of the subsidiary.
43. Debtors: amounts falling due within one year
2024 2023
£000 £000
Amounts owed by group undertakings 29,933 1,375
Deferred tax assets (note 15) 284 OL
VAT recoverable 15 .
30,232 1,466
Amounts owed by group undertakings include a non-trading balance of £29,243,124 which is unsecured and
receivable on demand. This is a loan subject to a variable interest rate, which at year-end was 4.45%.
The remaining amounts included in amounts owed by group undertakings are unsecured, repayable on demand and
interest free.
14. Cash and cash equivalents

Cash at bank and in hand

2024 2023
£000 £000
341

21

Lonza Group UK Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

Deferred tax assets

2024 2023

£000 £000

Share options 284 91
Share
options
Movement in deferred tax during the year £000
At 1 January 2024 91
Recognised to Income statement 193
At31 December 2024 284

Deferred tax assets are measured at rates that are expected to apply in the period when the asset is realised or the
liability is settled based on the tax rates that have been enacted, or substantially enacted, at the balance sheet date.

Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

2024 2023

£000 £000
Amounts owed to group undertakings - 1,954
Accruals 729 1,271
Corporation tax payable 3 -
Other creditors 9 1

1,049 3,226

Amounts due to group undertakings relate to trade and are unsecured, repayable on demand and interest free.

Non-trading, unsecured loan balance included in amounts owed to group undertakings was £nil (2023: £1,900,108,
repayable on demand with variable interest rate of was 4.03%).

Called up share capital

2024 2023
£000 £000
Authorised, allotted, called up and fully paid shares
17,000,002 (2023: 17,000,002) Ordinary shares of £1 each 17,000 17,000

Reserves

Profit and loss account
Includes all current and prior periods retained profits and losses.

Pension commitments

A group company operates a defined benefit contribution scheme on behalf of the employees of the Company and
the expense that relates to the employees of the Company is recharged to the Company in each financial year.

The pension charge for the year represents contributions payable by the Company scheme and amounted to £49,249
(2023: £25,134). There are unpaid company contributions of £nil outstanding at the year end (2023: £nil).


Lonza Group UK Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 December 2024

20.

21.

22.

Share-based payments

The Company has recognised an expense of £549,199 (2023: £140,547) in the current year in relation to share
based payment charges.

The Company is part of Lonza Group AG employee share plan. Under the plan the Company's employees are
granted shares options of Lonza Group AG, having vesting period of 3 years with the only vesting condition being
the employee continues to have a service relationship with the Company on each vesting date.

Equity settled awards to employees of the Company were granted by the parent on:

Number of instruments Expiry date
31 January 2022 1,487 31 January 2025
31 January 2023 1,250 31 January 2026
31 January 2024 1,874 31 January 2027

The weighted average share price at the grant date of share options exercised during the year was CHF 442 (2023:
CHF 532).

The options outstanding at the year end have an exercise price of CHF nil and a weighted average contractual life of
3 years,

Ultimate and immediate parent company

The Company's immediate parent is Capsugel Belgium N.V.

The ultimate parent company at 31 December 2024 was Lonza Group AG, a company incorporated in
Muenchensteinerstrasse, 384002, Basel, Switzerland which heads the largest group and smallest group in which the

results of the Company are incorporated.

The consolidated accounts of this group are available to the public and may be obtained from The Secretary, Lonza
Group AG, Muenchensteinerstrasse 38, CH-4002, Basel.

Events after the end of the reporting period

The directors are not aware of any other adjusting or non-adjusting post-balance sheet events.

23
