Docusign Envelope ID: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Annual report and financial statements
Year ended 30 November 2024

Registered number: 00526209

Wai

aea025 #190

COMPANIES HOUSE


Docusign Envelope ID: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited
Annual report and financial statements
Contents

Directors and other information
Strategic report

Directors’ report

Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the annual report and financial
statements

Independent auditor’s report to the members of Pfizer Limited
Profit and loss account and other comprehensive income
Statement of financial position

Statement of changes in equity

Notes forming part of the financial statements

15-22
23

24-27
28
29
30

31-58


Pfizer Limited

Docusign Envelope ID: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-ABEE-4256106072C8

Directors and other information

Directors

Registered office

Independent auditor

Registered number

DI Highton
EJ Pearson
BS Phillips
SL Sainsbury
AE Pattenden
J McGinley

Pfizer Limited
Ramsgate Road
Sandwich

Kent

CT13 9NJ

KPMG LLP

Chartered Accountants
15 Canada Square
London

E14 5GL

00526209


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Strategic report

Business review
The audited financial statements for the year ended 30 November 2024 are set out on pages 28 to 58.

Pfizer Limited generated an after tax profit of £551,149,000 (2023: profit of £133,044,000). No dividends
were declared by the directors during the year (2023: None). The retained profit for the year of
£551,149,000 (2023: profit of £133,044,000) has been transferred to reserves. The increase in profit for
the year primarily reflects income from shares in group undertakings, which amounted to £469,546,000
(2023: £57,247,000). Further details regarding the nature of this income are provided in note 14. At the
year end the company had net assets, including pension assets, of £1,500,370,000 (2023 restated:
£899,964 ,000). The increase in net assets was due mainly to an increase in income in shares from group
undertakings and an actuarial gain in respect of the pension scheme. Turnover decreased by 52% year
on year which was primarily driven by sales of vaccines.

On 30 April 2024, the company purchased 100% of the shares in Seagen U.K. Limited from a fellow
group company for consideration of two ordinary shares. Following this purchase, on 30 April 2024, the
company entered into an asset transfer agreement with Seagen U.K. Limited to acquire assets and
liabilities associated with its business for $1,250,000.

The profit and loss account and statement of financial position are set out on pages 28 and 29
respectively. The development and performance of the company during the year was satisfactory, as was
the position of the company at the year-end. It is anticipated this will continue into 2025.

Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) of revenue and profit have been discussed above in relation to the
company. The company is managed on an integrated basis with other Pfizer Inc. group companies
worldwide as part of Pfizer Inc.'s global healthcare business. Various other KPIs are monitored at a group
level and the company's directors believe that analysis using these KPIs for the company is not
necessary or appropriate for an understanding of the development, performance or position of the
company's business. Further details are provided in the Pfizer Inc. consolidated annual review and
financial report which are available from Pfizer Inc., 66 Hudson Boulevard East, New York,
NY 10001-2192, USA.

The principal risks and uncertainties for the company derive from the development, performance and
Position of the Pfizer Inc. group (of which the company is a part). During the year the principal factors
which could cause risk and uncertainty for the Pfizer Inc. group and/or the company included:

* The outcome of research and development activities;

* Our ability to successfully address comments received from regulatory authorities, or obtain approval
for new products and indications from regulators on a timely basis or at all;

+ Regulatory decisions impacting labelling, including the scope of indicated patient populations, product
dosage, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters, including decisions relating to
emerging developments regarding potential product impurities; uncertainties regarding the ability to
obtain, and the scope of, recommendations by technical or advisory committees, and the timing of,
and ability to obtain, pricing approvals and product launches, all of which could impact the availability
or commercial potential of our products and product candidates;

+ Claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety or efficacy of in-line products and product
candidates, including claims and concerns that may arise from the outcome of post-approval clinical
trials, which could impact marketing approval, product labelling, and/or availability or commercial
potential;

* The success and impact of external business development activities, including the ability to identify
and execute on potential business development opportunities; the ability to satisfy the conditions to
closing of announced transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all; the ability to realise the
anticipated benefits of any such transactior® in the anticipated time frame or at all;


Docusign Envelope ID: 50C95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Strategic report (continued)

Principal risks and uncertainties (continued)

Competition, including from new product entrants, in-line branded products, generic products, private
label products, biosimilars and product candidates that treat or prevent diseases and conditions
similar to those treated or intended to be prevented by our in-line products and product candidates;

The ability to successfully market both new and existing products, including biosimilars;

Difficulties or delays in manufacturing, sales or marketing; supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs
at Pfizer or third-party facilities that Pfizer rely on; and legal or regulatory actions;

The impact of public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics (such as COVID-19) on our business,
operations and financial condition and results, including impacts on our employees, manufacturing,
supply chain, sales and marketing, R&D and clinical trials;

Risks and uncertainties related to our efforts to continue to develop and commercialize Comirnaty
and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines, treatments or combinations, as well as
challenges related to their manufacturing, supply and distribution, including, among others, the risk
that as the market for COVID-19 products continues to become more endemic and seasonal,
demand for our COVID-19 products has and may continue to be reduced or not meet expectations, or
may no longer exist, which has and may continue to lead to reduced revenues; challenges related to
the transition to the commercial market for our COVID-19 products; and uncertainties related to the
public’s adherence to vaccines, boosters, treatments or combinations;

Trends toward managed care and health care cost containment, and our ability to obtain or maintain
timely or adequate pricing or favourable formulary placement for our products;

Interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;

Any significant issues involving our largest private or government customers, which account for a
substantial portion of our revenues;

The impact of the increased presence of counterfeit medicines, vaccines or other products in the
pharmaceutical supply chain;

Any significant issues related to the outsourcing of certain operational and staff functions to third
parties;

Any significant issues related to our third-party business arrangements, including modifications
related to supply agreements or other contracts with customers including governments or other
payors;

Uncertainties related to general economic, political, business, industry, regulatory and market
conditions including, without limitation, uncertainties related to the impact on us, our customers,
suppliers and lenders and counterparties to our foreign-exchange and interest-rate agreements of
challenging global economic conditions, such as inflation or interest rate fluctuations, and recent and
possible future changes in global financial markets;

The exposure of our operations globally to possible capital and exchange controls, economic
conditions, expropriation, sanctions and/or other restrictive government actions, changes in
intellectual property legal protections and remedies, unstable governments and legal systems and
inter-governmental disputes;

The impact of disruptions related to climate change and natural disasters;

Any changes in business, political and economic conditions due to actual or threatened terrorist
activity, geopolitical instability, political or civil unrest or military action, including the ongoing conflicts
between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and the resulting economic or other
consequences; 3


Docusign Envelope ID: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Strategic report (continued)

Principal risks and uncertainties (continued)

+ The impact of product recalls, withdrawals and other unusual items, including uncertainties related to
regulator-directed risk evaluations and assessments, including our ongoing evaluation of our product
portfolio for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines;

+ Trade buying patterns;

+ The risk of an impairment charge related to our intangible assets, goodwill or equity-method
investments;

+ The impact of, and risks and uncertainties related to, restructurings and internal reorganisations, as
well as any other corporate strategic initiatives and growth strategies, and cost-reduction and
productivity initiatives, each of which requires upfront costs but may fail to yield anticipated benefits
and may result in unexpected costs, organisational disruption, adverse effects on employee morale,
retention issues or other unintended consequences;

+ The ability to successfully achieve our climate goals and progress our environmental sustainability
and other ESG priorities;

* Legislation or regulatory action including, without limitation, laws related to pharmaceutical product
pricing, intellectual property, medical regulation, environmental protections, reimbursement or access,
including, in particular, continued government-mandated reductions in prices and access restrictions
for certain biopharmaceutical products to contro! costs in those markets;

+ Legal defence costs, insurance expenses, settlement costs and contingencies, including without
limitation, those related to actual or alleged environmental contamination;

+ The risk and impact of an adverse decision or settlement and risk related to the adequacy of reserves
related to legal proceedings;

+ The risk and impact of tax related litigation and investigations;

+ Any significant breakdown or interruption of our IT systems and infrastructure (including cloud
services);

* Any business disruption, theft of confidential or proprietary information, security threats on facilities or
infrastructure, extortion or integrity compromise resulting from a cyber-attack or other malfeasance
by, but not limited to, nation states, employees, business partners or others;

+ _ Risks and challenges related to the use of artificial intelligence-based software;

+ The risk that our currently pending or future patent applications may not be granted on a timely basis
or at all, or any patent-term extensions that we seek may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all;
and

* Risks to our products, patents and other intellectual property, such as: (i) claims of invalidity that
could result in LOE; (ii) claims of patent infringement, including asserted and/or unasserted
intellectual property claims; (iii) claims we may assert against intellectual property rights held by third
parties; (iv) challenges faced by our collaboration or licensing partners to the validity of their patent
rights; or (v) any pressure, or legal or regulatory action by, various stakeholders or governments that
could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection or agreeing not to enforce or
being restricted from enforcing intellectual property rights related to our products, including Comirnaty
and Paxlovid.


Docusign Envelope ID: SOC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Strategic report (continued)

Non-financial and sustainability information statement

Pfizer Limited, which is owned by Pfizer Inc., comes within Pfizer Inc.’s global governance and risk
management systems described in this statement. This climate change statement is written from the
perspective of Pfizer Inc. given the company operates on an integrated basis across the world and
therefore the majority of risks that affect the global enterprise ultimately impact Pfizer Limited as a
subsidiary of Pfizer Inc. and distributor of Pfizer products in the UK.

Pfizer Limited has an Environment & Sustainability Focus Group reporting into the UK Risk Committee,
which reports to the UK Board of Directors. A UK risk assessment is updated on an annual basis and a
UK Crisis management plan is maintained. As noted below these activities are in line with Pfizer Inc's
Operational and Risk management processes and contribute to the identification and assessment of risks
and opportunities at a global level. As Pfizer Limited does not undertake manufacturing activities in the
UK, some of the risks and opportunities highlighted at a group level may not be significant to the UK
business model but Pfizer Limited’s operation as a distributor is impacted by factors such as customers
requirement for products to be decarbonized across their life cycle. For example, the UK highlighted that
NHS England had set a 2045 Net-Zero target for the emissions it influences and requires suppliers to
publish Carbon Reduction Plans (CRP) showing how they planned to reach a Net-Zero target by 2050 or
earlier. The risk of non-compliance would be decreased revenues due to reduced demand for products
and services. Pfizer Limited has developed and published its Carbon Reduction plan targeting Net-Zero
by 2040, in line with the Pfizer Inc. target. This scenario has been built into the global scenario analysis
set out in the table under the section “Strategy”.

More detailed information on how Pfizer Limited is contributing to Pfizer Inc.'s meeting its global
commitments is included in the Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting section in the Directors’ Report
below. Where the remainder of this statement refers to “Pfizer” or “company” this is read as being Pfizer
Inc..

Pfizer recognizes the significant risks posed by climate change, including potential adverse impacts on
human health; increasing frequency of severe weather events impacting communities, personnel and
operations; and the potential disruption of value chains critical to providing medicines and vaccines to
patients. That's why we have made long-standing commitments to climate action through resource
conservation and greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reductions. Over the period 2001 — 2020 Pfizer
Limited's sites have reduced their Scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas emissions by more than 90%, fully
delivering three generations of GHG goals. In 2015, we were one of the first companies to have our then
GHG emissions reduction goal approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi), and we remain
committed to developing and implementing a science-based climate action strategy. We aim to achieve
the voluntary Net-Zero standard by 2040, 10 years ahead of the timeline outlined in the standard. In
addition, as described in our Climate Change Position Statement, available at https://cdn.pfizer.com/
pfizercom/about/Climate_Change_Position_Statement_December_2024.pdf, we conduct robust risk
assessments to safeguard resiliency of our research, manufacturing, and commercial activities and to
transparently report on our progress, risks, and opportunities aligned with Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosure (TCFD) recommendations.

Governance

Pfizer has embedded Environmental, Social & Governance (ESG) principles into the company's purpose
and has identified climate change as one of six priorities in Pfizer's ESG strategy. Our climate change
strategy is championed by the Executive Vice President, Chief Global Supply Officer, who reports to the
Chief Executive Officer (CEO). Implementation of the strategy is led and managed by the Global
Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) team in partnership with Legal, with active engagement of a cross-
disciplinary team of leaders representing Engineering, Facilities, Sourcing, Scientific and Manufacturing
lines, and is integrated into Pfizer's operational and risk management processes as described below.
5


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Strategic report (continued)

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)
Risk & Operational Governance

The Governance & Sustainability Committee (G&SC) of Pfizer's Board of Directors, composed solely of
independent directors, provides oversight of Pfizer's ESG strategy and reporting and corporate citizenship
matters. The committee is regularly updated by management on Pfizer's climate action program and
progress toward goals.

Pfizer's Global Supply (PGS) Quality & Risk Committee (PGS QRC) reports key risks, including those
related to climate change, to the Executive Compliance Committee (composed of Pfizer's Executive
Leadership Team and the head of Corporate Audit, chaired by the CEO) and to the Regulatory and
Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors. The PGS QRC risk management process also informs
Pfizer's Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program.

Pfizer's ERM program provides a framework for risk identification and management of significant risks,
including risks related to climate change and the long-term sustainability of the business. Each risk is
assigned to a member or members, as appropriate, of the Executive Leadership Team. The Audit
Committee of the Board of Directors, composed solely of independent directors, has primary responsibility
for overseeing Pfizer's ERM program. Periodically, the Regulatory and Compliance Committee and the
Audit Committee hold joint sessions to discuss risks relevant to both committees’ areas of risk oversight,
including an annual discussion of the ERM program. The board is kept informed of its committees’ risk
oversight and other activities through quarterly reports by the committee chairs to the full board.

Pfizer's integration of climate change into divisional and ERM processes includes reviewing risks that
could be material to Pfizer to support U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 10-K reporting.
For environmental risks that can be evaluated financially, Pfizer generally applies a materiality threshold
for considering the risks, alongside other factors including market, reputational, regulatory and technology
risks to Pfizer. “Material” risks in this context are discussed in Pfizer's Annual Report on Form 10-K and in
Pfizer's other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, which are also included in this
report for the UK. More information on the risk assessment process for climate change is provided in the
risk assessment section below.

Manufacturing at our internal network of sites, managed by PGS, accounts for over 70% of the company's
energy consumption and GHG emissions. The Executive Vice President, Chief Global Supply Officer
leads Pfizer's manufacturing and supply chain, serves as the executive sponsor of climate change risk
management and has operational control over PGS operations and strategy, including operating
expenses (OPEX) and capital expense (CAPEX) investment in GHG emission reduction projects.

Environmental sustainability has been integrated into Pfizer's business strategy and GHG emissions
reduction is monitored as a key performance indicator (KPI). Pfizer's annual performance-based variable
bonus program includes a climate performance KPI as part of an ESG modifier to support Pfizer's
commitment to reducing GHG emissions. Pfizer's GHG calculation methodology can be found on our
website:https://cdn.pfizer.com/pfizercom/GHG_Calculation_Methodology_JUL2023.pdf.

ESG Governance

The ESG function within Pfizer and its cross-functional governing committees (at the senior management
and the executive level) have responsibility for considering and adopting potential goals and targets, with
escalation to the G&SC of the Board, based on input from experienced subject matter experts and
advisors.

Our cross-functional Sustainability Steering Committee, chaired by our Chief Sustainability Officer,
advises on key issues and guides the integration and implementation of Pfizer's non-financial reporting
related to ESG. This Committee is overseen by a dedicated Executive Sustainability Committee, chaired

6


Docusign Envelope ID: 50C95D48-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Strategic report (continued)

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)

by the Executive Leadership Team member leading Corporate Affairs, who reports directly to the
Chairman and CEO.

Strategy: Our Scenario Analysis Process

To improve our understanding of Pfizer's resilience to the impacts of climate change, we conducted an in-
depth assessment of our potential exposure to physical and transition risks and opportunities that could
have a potential impact on our business using scenario analysis informed by data modelling insights from
a global sustainability consultancy. Each risk and opportunity was qualitatively assessed using impact and
uncertainty ratings and validated with a wide range of stakeholders representing different Pfizer functions
and divisions. Impact ratings were assigned using the same categorizations applied in our ERM
framework.

Aligned with TCFD guidance, we assessed risks and opportunities on a short- (2030) and long-term
(2050) basis, while also considering transition risks and opportunities on a medium-term basis (2040).
This is aligned with our strategic 2040 Net-Zero planning, international and national climate policy
milestones, and the expected lifetime of our assets. We have integrated the results of this analysis into
our Business Resilience and Loss Prevention programs and will refresh the assessment periodically as
part of our annual risk review process.

Disclosures below are not necessarily material, within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws and
the UK Companies Act, and the inclusion herein of such disclosures should not be considered as an
admission of their materiality by Pfizer.

As climate scenarios are inherently uncertain, the scenario analysis considered the full range of potential
impacts from all scenarios without considering the likelihood of each scenario developing.

Scenario selection was based upon a review of guidance from TCFD, CDP, Climate Action 100
Benchmark, and IIGCC and considered temperature outcomes, sectoral and geographical coverage, data
availability, time horizons, and market recognition. Timeframes selected align with Pfizer's strategic
planning, including our 2040 Net Zero target, international and national climate policy milestones, and the
expected lifetime of our assets. The top 20 risks and opportunities were prioritized based on the impact-
uncertainty rating for a deeper dive using specific physical and transition scenarios described in the table
below.

Type

Scenario Description Key Parameters & Assumptions

This scenario is aligned to the current
commitments under the Paris
Agreement. The world shifts towards
amore sustainable path,
emphasizing more inclusive
development, driven by an increasing
commitment to achieving
development goals.

Global Net-Zero reached in 2050
Renewables account for more than
half of the energy supply by 2050
* Few challenges to climate mitigation
and adaptation

This is a high emissions scenario with
no additional climate policy
(business-as-usual). The push for
economic and social development is
coupled with the exploitation of
abundant fossil fuel resources and
the adoption of resource and energy
intensive lifestyles around the world.

© Energy demand triples by 2100,
dominated by fossil fuels

* Current atmospheric CO, levels double
by 2050

* Many challenges to climate mitigation,
with few challenges to adaptation


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Strategic report (continued)

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)

Strategy: Our Scenario Analysis Process (continued)

Transition

Scenario

Current

NGFS

Policies
(cP)

Description [ Key Parameters & Assumptions

This scenario assumes that only * Emissions peak in 2080
currently implemented policies are * — IPCC’s SSP2 ‘Middle of the Road’

preserved, with an expected socioeconomic assumptions adjusted
temperature outcome of ~3°C. for COVID-19 impact

NGFS Net-
Zero 2050
(NZ 2050)

This is an ambitious scenario that * Ambitious climate policy is introduced
limits global warming to 1.5 °C immediately

through stringent climate policies Global Net-Zero reached in 2050

and innovation, reaching Net-Zero IPCC’s SSP2 ‘Middle of the Road’

CO2 emissions around 2050. socioeconomic assumptions adjusted
for COVID-19 impact

For each prioritized item, a scenario indicator was assigned, acting as a proxy to explore how it may
develop in each scenario. These were combined with exposure ratings, derived from the assigned impact
rating, to give an overall risk/ opportunity rating at each timeframe. Items rated a high risk/ opportunity at
any timeframe are described in the table below.

Risk or Description Scenario & Potential
Opportunity | Category Risk/ Financial tmpact
Opportuni
ty Rating
Transition [Policy & [As policymakers implement carbon pricing mechanisms in more | 2030: High | Increased direct
Risk-Carbon |Legal | geographies, as well as increase the weight and scope risk costs and
pricing of these mechanisms, Pfizer is increasingly exposed to the cost of | 2040: High | increased indirect
mechanisms carbon in our operations and could be exposed to pass-through _| risk (operating) costs
costs in the supply chain. Carbon prices are expected to increase | 2050: High
dramatically in a Net-Zero scenario, reaching upwards of $200/ risk
mtCO2e.
Transition Technolo |A growing need to decarbonize and reach Net-Zero to meet both | 2030: Increased capital
Risk - gy internal Net-Zero targets and external stakeholder pressure will | |Medium | expenditures,
Stakeholder require large investment to decarbonize capital assets. This could | risk decreased asset
pressure to include replacing production equipment with equipment that is 2040: High | value or asset
decarbonize newer and more efficient, runs on renewables or alternative fuel | risk useful life leading
capital sources, or is electrically powered. In the NZ2050 scenario, 2050: High | to write-offs, and
assets emissions in the chemicals sector decrease significantly, from risk asset impairment
almost 3,000M mtCO2 in 2020 to less than SOOM mtCO2 in 2040. or early
Achieving this emissions reduction will require significant capital retirement of
investment. existing assets
Transition Resource A transition away from fossil fuels may result in volatile energy and | 2030 Increased direct
Risk - Efficiency | fuel prices. Rapid shifts away from fossil fuel supplies without Medium | costs
Increasing adequate low-carbon energy infrastructure in place could lead to | risk
energy price supply constraints, which may be exacerbated in a disorderly 2040: High
volatility scenario. Gas price increases sharply in the NZ20SO scenario risk
reaching almost $30/gigajoule (GJ) in 2050, more than double the | 2050: High
gas price in the CP scenario ($12.5/G3). risk


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Strategic report (continued)

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)

Strategy: Our Scenario Analysis Process (continued)

Description Scenario & Potential
Opportunity | Category Risk/ Financial impact
Opportuni
ty Rating
Transition Market | An increasing number of national healthcare systems and countries | 2030: Decreased
Risk — have announced targets to become Net-Zero by future dates, e.g., |Medium [revenues due to
Increasing NHS England 2050 Net-Zero target which may impose additional _|risk reduced demand
demand for requirements of their suppliers and a preference for low-carbon —_| 2040: High | for products and
low-carbon goods. There may be increasing pressure to decarbonize products _|risk services
products across their whole life cycle including Scope 3 emissions. As ~80% | 2050: High
of Pfizer's emissions are Scope 3, there is additional complexity in _ | risk
producing low-carbon products as it relies on suppliers
decarbonizing their operations. Competitor products with lower
emissions intensity/lower energy demand than Pfizer products may
lead to substitution of Pfizer products, resulting in reduced
revenues.
Transition | Resource | Through replacing our capital assets to become more efficient and _|2030: High | Decreased direct
Opportunity | Efficiency | use alternative fuel sources, Pfizer could increase resilience to opportunit | costs and
— Increased volatile fuel and energy prices resulting from the low-carbon y increased
resilience to transition and increase returns on investment in low-emissions 2040: High | demand for
energy and technology. Gas price increases sharply in the NZ20S0 scenario opportunit | products and
fuel price reaching almost $30/GJ in 2050, more than double the gas price in |y services
volatility the CP scenario ($12.5/G)). Transitioning from gas to alternative 2050: High
sources of heating therefore is a cost savings, reducing Pfizer's opportunit
exposure to increasing gas prices. Fuel prices would be expected to |y
follow a similar trajectory.
Transition Market |An increasing number of national healthcare systems and countries | 2030: Increased
Opportunity have announced targets to become Net-Zero by future dates, e.g., |Medium revenues
Increasing 2050 including in their supply chain i.e, the suppliers and opportunit J resulting
demand for pharmaceutical! products used by healthcare providers. Healthcare |y from increased
low-carbon systems may therefore prefer or require suppliers to provide low- |2040: High |demand for
products carbon products. If Pfizer's products are demonstrably lower in opportunit | products and
carbon than competitors, this may lead to increased demand for y services
products and increase revenue. 2050: High
opportunit
y

Physical Risk
- Water
scarcity and
drought
impact on
operations

Chronic
physical

Higher temperatures and more extreme, less predictable, weather
conditions under climate change are expected to

affect water availability by altering the distribution of rainfall,
snowmelt, river flows and groundwater. A lower availability of
water may heighten potential financial risk for Pfizer by increasing
water costs, and/or reducing revenue due to production
shutdowns.

By 2030, under a high emissions scenario, almost half of the 40
manufacturing and research and development sites assessed
during the scenario analysis are shown to be at a high risk of water
scarcity and drought.

Increased direct
(operating) costs
and decreased
revenues due to
reduced
production
capacity

2030: High
risk
2050: High
risk


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Strategic report (continued)

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)
Strategy: Our Scenario Analysis Process (continued)

Description Scenario & Potential
Opportunity | Category Risk/ | Financial Impact
Opportuni
ty Rating

Physical Risk | Acute Extreme weather events, including high levels of precipitation and | 2030: High | Increased capital
- River and extreme rainfall, are projected to increase due to climate change. | ri expenditures,
extreme This is likely to heighten both the frequency and intensity of : High Jincreased direct
rainfall flooding, increasing the risk of physical damage to infrastructure, i (operating) costs,
flooding and/or supply chain disruption. By 2030, under a high emissions decreased asset
impact on scenario, 7 of the 36 manufacturing sites assessed during the value or asset
operations scenario analysis are shown to be at a high risk of flooding. useful life leading
and supply to write-offs, and
chain decreased
revenues due to
reduced
production
capacity.

Maximum temperatures and the frequency of extreme heat events Increased direct
— Extreme are anticipated to rise globally due to climate change. A higher costs and

heat impact prevalence of this hazard may increase potential financial risk for decreased

on Pfizer by increasing operating costs associated with running air revenues due to
operations conditioning, or backup generators if electricity supply is

and supply interrupted, and/or reducing revenue due to production

chain shutdowns. By 2050, under a high emissions scenario, eight of the

40 manufacturing and research and development sites assessed

during the scenario analysis are shown to be at a high risk of

extreme heat.

Strategy: Strategic Resilience Under Climate Scenarios

Following the findings from the scenario analysis, we consider our current business model and strategy to
be resilient under the assessed scenarios.

A number of risks and opportunities were found to have potential impact on financial performance and
financial position for which mitigation measures have been identified. Pfizer is working to quantify the
financial impact of selected potentially significant items.

Physical climate risks are currently managed through our Loss Prevention and Business Resilience
programs, described in further detail under Risk Management. In July 2023, our manufacturing facility in
Rocky Mount, North Carolina, was impacted by a tornado that passed through the area. Most of the
damage was sustained by the site’s warehouse facility, which stored raw materials, packaging supplies,
and finished medicines awaiting release by quality assurance. Fortunately, no colleagues were seriously
injured as a result of the event. Our business resilience planning helped to reduce the impact of the
incident on manufacturing and supply, and we also identified opportunities to further strengthen our
program. Although Pfizer Limited does not undertake manufacturing activities in the UK, but Pfizer
Limited's operation as a distributor can be impacted by factors such as customers requirement for
products to be decarbonized across their life cycle that includes the manufacturing stage.

By achieving our Net Zero goal we can mitigate many transition risks and maximize transition
opportunities identified in the scenario analysis (e.g., meeting an increased demand for low-carbon
products and minimizing our exposure to volatile energy prices).

10


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-ABEE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Strategic report (continued)

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)
Strategy: Strategic Resilience Under Climate Scenarios (continued)

It should be noted that there are key uncertainties associated with using global climate models to project
the effects of physical risks on our business strategy. These include uncertainties in how:

+ Future emissions could lead to changes in the global climate system;
+ Global changes correlate to local impacts; and
+ Climate hazards could manifest due to natural variability which is not fully captured by the models.

Trends in some physical climate hazards are also more difficult to project than others. For example,
hazards driven by rainfall variables (e.g., flooding, water stress and drought) and storms (e.g., tornadoes
and hurricanes) are more uncertain than those related to temperature variables (e.g., extreme heat) as
they depend on the response of regional atmospheric circulations to global warming.

Key uncertainties that could influence our resilience to transition risks and opportunities include:

* How quickly our suppliers can decarbonize; given that 80% of our emissions are in the value chain
rather than in our direct operations,

* How quickly technology will become commercially available to decarbonize our company's hard to
abate GHG sources; and

+ Whether and how healthcare systems and services will implement Net Zero requirements in the
supply chain.

Impact of Climate-related Risks and Opportunities on our Businesses, Strategy, and Financial Planning

Climate-related risks and opportunities have influenced Pfizer's business strategy and are incorporated
into financial planning.

+ In 2020, Pfizer completed a $1.25 billion ten-year sustainability bond, a first for a
biopharmaceutical company. Proceeds from the bond were used to help manage our
environmental impact and support increased patient access to Pfizer's medicines and vaccines,
especially among underserved populations, and strengthen healthcare systems. In total, $946
million in net proceeds from the sustainability bond issuance were allocated to environmental
projects supporting green design and construction of new office and manufacturing facilities.

Over the past few years, Pfizer has received an increasing number of requests for environmental
performance information from current and prospective customers. While the level of influence that
our environmental performance has on customer purchasing decisions has not been fully
quantified, the revenue associated with customers requesting this information is more than $100
million for pharmaceutical products and is factored into revenue forecasts.

Annual targets are established for energy conservation project savings. Our sites are required to
maintain master plans that identify opportunities for emission reductions. These projects are
reviewed through our capital project appropriation process. The costs to implement these projects
as well as the expected cost savings are included in the site's operating budgets and/or capital
plans as appropriate.

an


Docusign Envelope ID: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-ABEE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Strategic report (continued)

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)

Strategy: Impact of Climate-related Risks and Opportunities on our Businesses, Strategy, and Financial
Planning (continued)

+ Our Loss Prevention and Business Resilience programs assess and manage potential impacts of
acute and chronic physical risks on our operations. Assessments are refreshed annually. Costs to
maintain Pfizer's risk engineering provider is estimated at $1.4 million annually. Costs relating to
property protection and supply chain management are annualized, expected to be incurred
annually and are incorporated into existing budgets. Site protection systems improvements and
maintenance costs are estimated at $0.1 million annually. Direct staff costs related to managing
this risk is estimated at $2.0 million annually.

Risk Management

Pfizer's strategy for managing climate-related risks and opportunities includes our ambitious 2040 Net-
Zero target covering our operations and entire value chain. Measures we take to mitigate climate-related
risks include:

+ Operational emissions reductions - To achieve our public goals for GHG emission reductions,
Pfizer has implemented numerous efficiency improvements to our operations. We look for
opportunities to design environmental sustainability attributes into new facility or renovation
projects, replace equipment at end of life with energy-efficient alternates, and invest in no/low
carbon technologies at our sites and in programs that enable sourcing of clean energy from
renewable sources. We have a goal to achieve 100% renewable electricity by 2030. We are
currently working to develop site-specific emissions reduction plans to achieve our near-term
(2030) and Net-Zero (2040) targets.

+ Research and innovation in sustainable science — Pfizer has a long history of using the concepts
of sustainable science and promoting them across our industry. Through scientific innovation we
aim to design more efficient processes that can help reduce the environmental impact of our
medicines throughout the product life cycle. We are working to develop sustainable product design
principles to transform the way we work across all modalities in both research and development.
We are conducting representative life cycle assessments (LCAs) for small molecules, large
molecules, vaccines, and devices to identify those aspects of the development process that
present the greatest opportunity for impact reduction. Guided by these assessments, we are
driving sustainable innovation and impact reduction across the business. Pfizer is also
participating in a consortium that is working with NHS England to develop a sector-wide standard
for LCAs to improve transparency and support the assessment and reduction of the environmental
impact of medicines.

+ Loss Prevention and Business Continuity programs - Pfizer's primary controls for the
management of acute and chronic physical risks are our infrastructure and systems. Many of our
facilities are located in areas with limited exposure to physical risks and we have robust processes
in place to identify and mitigate potential vulnerabilities. Through our Loss Prevention and
Business Continuity programs we maintain plans to minimize business disruption, including
alternative sourcing options and buffer inventory (depending on product). Pfizer maintains
resources for assessing and establishing business continuity arrangements such as the activation
of alternative supply chains. Supply chain and business continuity professionals are retained as
staff and consultants to ensure these plans are updated at least annually, exercised at least
annually, and key colleagues on site are trained on their content and implementation.

12


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Strategic report (continued)

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)
Risk Management (continued)

+ Working and engaging our suppliers - As part of our Net-Zero goal we aim to use our influence to
catalyze ambitious GHG emissions reductions across our value chain. We are implementing a
multipronged approach, including embedding environmental sustainability criteria in our vendor
selection processes, strengthening expectations within contracts, and engaging with key suppliers
of goods and services as part of our goal to drive at least 64% by spend to adopt science based
GHG emission reduction goals (SBT goals) by 2025. The same multipronged approach is also
adopted in the UK. Pfizer is part of Energize, a collaboration between global pharmaceutical
companies that provides pharmaceutical suppliers, some of which may not otherwise have the
internal resources or expertise available, the opportunity to participate in the market for power
purchase agreements. We are also members of Activate, a collective action initiative supporting
the decarbonization of active pharmaceutical ingredient supply chains.

Metrics & Targets

Pfizer calculates Scope 1 and 2 emissions in accordance with the GHG Protocol (revised edition). Our
2019-2022 GHG data (including Scope 3 categories 1-8 and 15) was independently assured pursuant to
ISAE 3000 (revised) by ERM-CVS and verification of 2024 data is underway. Emissions are reported
annually in our CDP response and are broken down by type, country, and business division. We also
track metrics relative to our business continuity and disaster recovery programs (e.g., number of supplier
assessments completed; sites with fully implemented plans for the management of risk associated with
natural perils such as flooding and severe weather, noting it is not possible to state with certainty whether
individual weather events are a result of climate change).

Pfizer discloses our Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 emissions annually through our CDP submittal and
publishes our Scope 1 and 2 emissions in our annual Impact Report and on our website.

Pfizer Limited has achieved three consecutive GHG reduction goals (2000-2007, 2007-2012, and
2012-2020) and have reduced its GHG emissions by more than 90% since 2000. We remain committed
to ambitious long-term actions and have announced our ambition to achieve the Science Based Target
initiatives voluntary Net-Zero standard by 2040. As part of the commitment, Pfizer aims to decrease our
GHG emissions by 95% and value chain emissions by 90% from 2019 levels by 2040 through
accelerating the transition away from fossil fuels and engaging suppliers to catalyze equivalent action.

Pfizer (including the UK) is continuing its near-term commitment to reduce Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse
gas (GHG) emissions by 46% compared with a 2019 baseline by 2030, aligned with a 1.5°C trajectory,
and to drive action by encouraging suppliers to also set science-based GHG emissions reduction goals.
Recognizing that Scope 3 emissions are the most challenging to quantify due to complex global value
chains, inconsistent methodologies, and lack of transparent disclosure, we have launched initiatives to
improve our measurement and reporting capabilities and are collaborating with our pharmaceutical peers
to align on Scope 3 data collection and emissions calculation methodologies.

13


Docusign Envelope ID: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Strategic report (continued)

Section 172 Companies Act 2006 Statement

The company's governance architecture and processes are operated to ensure that all relevant matters
are considered by the board in its principal decision-making. While discharging their duties, s.172 requires
a director to have regard, amongst other matters, to the:

+ likely consequences of any decisions in the long term

+ interests of the company's employees

* need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others

+ impact of the company's operations on the community and environment

+ desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct and
* need to act fairly as between members of the company

In the performance of its duty to promote the success of the company and its long term priorities, the
board has agreed to a number of matters, including listening to and considering the views of shareholders
and the company's other stakeholders to build trust and ensure it fully understands the potential impacts
of the decisions it makes for our stakeholders, the environment and the communities in which we operate.

The company has engaged with its main stakeholder groups, including our patients, shareholders,
consumers, customers, and group employees, as further detailed in the Employee involvement,
Stakeholder engagement and Corporate Governance sections in the directors’ report. The feedback from
this engagement has been considered by the directors during the decision-making process. The
consideration of the company's operations on the environment are contained in the Task Force on
Climate-Related Financial Disclosure section within the Strategic Report and the Streamlined Energy and
Carbon Reporting section in the directors’ report.

Further details on the interaction with stakeholders at a group level, and the impact of these interactions,
are set out in the Pfizer Inc. consolidated annual review and financial report which are available from
Pfizer Inc., 66 Hudson Boulevard East, New York, NY 10001-2192, USA.

By order of the board

ewig

DI Highton Date: 21 August 2025
Director

14


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Directors’ Report

The directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 30 November
2024.

A review of the performance of the company's business during the year, the principal risks and
uncertainties facing the company and its future prospects are included in the strategic report set out on
pages 2 to 14 which should be read in conjunction with the directors’ report.

Financial instruments

The overall objective of Pfizer's financial risk management programme is to seek to minimise the impact
of foreign exchange rate movements and interest rate movements on its earnings. These financial
exposures are managed through operational means and by using various financial instruments. These
practices may change as economic conditions change.

Research and development

The company is engaged in research and development activities for the development of pharmaceutical
products.

Share capital, other reserves and dividends

During the year, Pfizer Luxco Holdings SARL contributed Seagen UK Limited to the Company in
exchange for £2 called up share capital (2 shares) and £1,203,657 share premium. During the year, the
company declared no dividend to its sole shareholder, Pfizer Shareholdings Intermediate SARL (2023:
none).

Political contributions

The company made no political donations nor incurred any political expenditure during the year (2023:
none).

Community contributions

Details about the company's support to UK communities can be found on the company’s website (https://
www.pfizer.co.uk/responsibility/social-investment).

Directors

The directors, who held office from 1 December 2023 and to the date of this report, unless otherwise
stated, were:

DI Highton

EJ Pearson

BS Phillips

RL Smith (resigned on 24 April 2025)

JK Thompson (resigned on 21 February 2025)
S Rienow (resigned on 08 October 2024)

SL Sainsbury (appointed on 01 May 2024)

DJ Harnett (resigned on 01 May 2024)

J McGinley (appointed on 11 October 2024)
AE Pattenden (appointed on 23 April 2025)

15


Docusign Envelope 1D: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Directors’ Report (continued)
Going concern

The company has assessed the principal risks and other matters at the reporting date and at the date of
approval of the financial statements. In doing so management considered the company's performance,
reserves and forecasts for a period of 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements,
which indicate that, taking account of reasonably possible downsides, the company will have sufficient
funds to meet its liabilities as they fall due for that period. Based on these considerations, the directors
believe that it remains appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the
financial statements.

Safety, health and the environment

The company has an environmental, health and safety policy in place, together with externally certified
management systems. In addition, Pfizer Inc., the ultimate parent company produces an environmental,
health and safety report, to which the company contributes.

Disabled employees

It is the policy of the company to give full and fair consideration to applications for employment made by
persons with disability taking account of their particular abilities and aptitudes. Policies to actively
eliminate discrimination and to ensure that all applicants are considered solely on their merits are
promoted. Should any existing employee become disabled every effort is made to ensure continuity of
employment after appropriate assessment of special needs, suitable adjustment to accommodate the
disability, retraining, resettlement and continued support. The same opportunity for training and career
development is given to disabled employees as is given to employees generally.

Employee involvement

The company seeks open and direct relations with its employees through the provision of efficient formal
and informal channels for communication. These include information and support services provided by e-
mail, web and telephone as well as face to face, and consultation through a variety of committees,
forums, surveys and regular departmental meetings.

The company actively promotes an “open door” management policy and has a grievance escalation
process. There is also an extensive performance management programme in place which facilitates open
and regular dialogue between employees and their managers. Employees complete an annual integrity
pledge and have direct access to a corporate compliance hotline and other facilities.

The Pfizer Share Ownership Plan, through which shares in the ultimate parent company, Pfizer Inc. may
be purchased, encourages employees of the participating companies to take a direct interest in the
performance of the world-wide group.

Stakeholder engagement

The company aims to build enduring relationships with governments, regulators, patients, customers,
partners, suppliers and communities in the areas where it operates. The company works with its business
partners in an honest, respectful and responsible way and seeks to work with others who share the
company's commitments to safety, ethics and compliance.

The company's activities affect a wide variety of individuals and organisations. The company engages
with these stakeholders and listens to their differing needs and priorities as an everyday part of its
business and uses the input and feedback to inform its decision making.

On behalf of the company, the Pfizer Inc. group participates in industry and trade associations that offer
opportunities to share good practice and collaborate on issues of importance.

16


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-ABEE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Directors’ Report (continued)
Corporate Governance Statement

For the year ended 30 November 2024, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations
2018, the Company has applied the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private
Companies. The Directors have set out below an explanation of how the Wates Principles have been
applied during the 2024 year.

Principle 1 — Purpose and leadership

“An effective board develops and promotes the purpose of the Company, and ensures that its values,
strategy and culture align with that purpose.”

As a subsidiary of Pfizer Inc (the “Group”), Pfizer Limited (the “Company”) is managed on an integrated
basis with other Group companies worldwide as part of Pfizer Inc.'s global healthcare business. The
Group's purpose, strategy, values and policies, set by Pfizer Inc., are applied by the Company with
consideration to the UK market within which the Company operates.

The Pfizer Limited Board has responsibility for the Company's strategic objectives within the guidelines
set by the Group to ensure that its strategy is clearly articulated and implemented in the UK market. The
Board has a strong understanding of the Group's values and culture, as it guides strategy and helps drive
long-term value for the Company's shareholder and wider stakeholders. The Group's values and culture
support appropriate behaviours and practices within the UK market. Management monitors culture
through employee “Pfizer Pulse” surveys and Colleague forums.

The Company's employees are required to abide by all of its procedures and policies, for example the
Blue Book (Pfizer's code of conduct) and MAPP (My Anti-corruption Policy & Procedures) as well as any
applicable laws. Such procedures and policies may apply globally set by the Group or may be designed
specifically for an individual market, such as the UK. Some procedures and policies address general
conduct, such as compliance with certain laws whilst others cover individual processes, such as contract
execution. The Company's employees are required to undertake mandatory compliance and role related
training, as determined by the Company, to ensure compliance with the relevant policies and procedures.
The Company's employees also have the ability to report any concerns through the Compliance division
including the Compliance hotline, Blue Book and MAPP.

The Group is a research-based, global biopharmaceutical company. The Group applies science and its
global resources to bring therapies to people that aim to extend and significantly improve their lives
through the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical
products worldwide.

Most of the Group's revenues come from the manufacture and sale of biopharmaceutical products. The
Group believes that its medicines and vaccines provide significant value for healthcare providers and
patients, through improved treatment of diseases, improvements in health, wellness and productivity as
well as by reducing other healthcare costs, such as emergency room or hospitalisation. The Group seeks
to enhance the value of its medicines and vaccines and actively engage in dialogues about how it can
best work with patients, physicians and payers to prevent and treat disease and improve outcomes. The
Group seeks to maximise patient access and evaluate pricing arrangements and contracting methods
with payers to minimise adverse impact on revenues within the current legal and pricing structures.

The Group is committed to fulfilling its purpose: Breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. Its purpose
fuels everything it does and reflects both the passion for science and commitment to patients. Pfizer's
growth strategy in 2024 was driven by five Core Business Principles that help deliver breakthroughs for
patients and create value for shareholders and other stakeholders:

1. Trust is Everything;
2. Science Will Win;


Docusign Envelope 1D: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Directors’ Report (continued)

Principle 1 —- Purpose and leadership (continued)
3. Disruption Calls for Innovation;
4. Time is Life; and
5. Execution Makes the Difference.

To fully realise the Group’s purpose, it has established a clear set of goals regarding what the Group
needs to achieve for patients and how the Group will go about achieving them. The “how’ is represented
by four company values — Courage, Excellence, Equity and Joy.

Principle 2 - Board composition

“Effective board composition requires an effective chair and a balance of skills, backgrounds, experience
and knowledge, with individual directors having sufficient capacity to make a valuable contribution. The
size of a board should be guided by the scale and complexity of the Company.”

The size of the Board is guided by the scale and complexity of the Company's business. Consideration is
given to the size and structure of the Board to facilitate effective decision-making. During 2024, the Board
comprised of seven to eight members, with a gender balance of five to six male and two to three female
directors. Each director provides a unique business perspective, experience and skills, all valuable and
necessary to oversee the Company's business. The board includes representation from Commercial,
Medical, People Experience, Legal, Finance, Manufacturing and Research & Development.

The Board is chaired by the UK country president who leads the Board and is responsible for its overall
effectiveness. Board meetings occur on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as required, to ensure that
all directors are appropriately informed of Company matters and have sufficient time for discussion. The
provision of timely information including agenda and reports from Board committees is supported by the
Company's Legal team and outcomes from meetings, where applicable, are communicated to the wider
UK country management.

Principle 3 —- Responsibilities

“The board and individual directors should have a clear understanding of their accountability and
responsibilities. The board's policies and procedures should support effective decision making and
independent challenge.”

The Board is guided by Group policies and procedures and local regulation, which provide a framework
for governance practices in the UK.

The Company has established formal and robust processes, in line with the internal control framework of
the Group, to ensure controls are operating effectively and that the quality and integrity of information
prepared by it is reliable. The Board receives regular and timely information on all matters required to
maintain oversight of the Company's business, including reports on business and financial performance,
key strategic risks and opportunities, operational matters, market conditions, people experience, legal,
compliance, environmental, audit and regulatory matters. All information provided to the Board is
prepared by subject matter experts with the relevant experience and skills necessary to ensure the
integrity of information presented.

The Company demonstrates a commitment to ongoing professional development of the Board through
the delivery of training sessions for statutory directors and senior country management as deemed
appropriate.

Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk

“The board should promote the long-term sustainable success of the Company by identifying
opportunities to create and preserve value, and establish oversight for identification and mitigation of
risks.”

18


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Directors’ Report (continued)
Principle 4 - Opportunity and Risk (continued)

The Group is committed to strategically capitalising on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing their
own product pipeline and maximising the value of their existing products, but also through various
business development activities. The Group views business development activity as an enabler of their
strategies and seeks to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the
potential to strengthen their business and capabilities. The Group assesses their business, assets and
scientific capabilities/portfolio as part of their regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also continue
to consider business development activities that will help advance their business strategy.

As a subsidiary of the Group, the Board of the Company reviews business strategy in line with the
Group's overall initiatives to identify opportunities to create value. The Chair provides updates on the UK
business environment during Board meetings.

The Board has the responsibility for the Company's overall approach to risk management which is aligned
to the Group’s methodology on mitigation of risks. Risks are mitigated through effective internal control
processes in line with Group's overall internal controls framework. The Board is responsible for these
internal controls and delegates the performance of the control activities to sub-committees and country
management. The Company have a UK Legal Entity Governance document in operation that outlines the
corporate governance of the Company including the composition of the sub-committees and the
frequency with which they report to the Board.

Principle 5 - Remuneration

“A Board should promote executive remuneration structures aligned to the long term sustainable success
of a company, taking into account pay and conditions elsewhere in the Company.”

The Board promotes remuneration structures that align to the long-term, sustainable success of the
Company, in line with the Group's compensation philosophy set out by the Group's Compensation
Committee.
The Group's compensation and benefit programs are designed to enhance Pfizer's ability to attract,
motivate, retain, and engage a high-performing, committed workforce. Pfizer offers compensation and
benefit programs that are:

— Equitable with a consistent approach across the globe — tailored for local markets.

— Philosophically consistent around the globe to the extent possible, but legally, locally and culturally
appropriate.

— Appropriate for the company as it exists today, and where appropriate, anticipate future business
needs.

The Company's compensation program is subject to the approved policy, and the Board has delegated
authority to the People Experience team to review the Company's compensation practices with a view to
ensuring they are comparable to peer companies, aligned to the Company's annual financial objectives
and are rewarding relative performance of employees.
Reports covering a summary of the remuneration and performance data for all colleagues in the
Company are discussed in Board meetings to consider whether compensation is balanced and aligned
with the Company’s diversity and inclusion aspirations.

The Board is committed to improving the Company's Gender Pay Gap. The Company's Gender Pay Gap
report is available at https://www.pfizer.co.uk/responsibility/diversity-equity-and-inclusion/gender-pay-gap-
report.

19


Docusign Envelope ID: 50C95D4B-5137-48B8-ABEE-4256 106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Directors’ Report (continued)
Principle 6 — Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement

“Directors should foster effective stakeholder relationships aligned to the Company’s purpose. The board
is responsible for overseeing meaningful engagement with stakeholders, including the workforce, and
having regard to their views when taking decisions.”

The Board is clear that good corporate governance and effective communication are essential on a day-
to-day basis to deliver the Company's purpose and to protect the Company's brand, reputation and
relationships with all stakeholders, including our patients, regulators, shareholders, suppliers, customers
and employees. The Company has channels to receive appropriate feedback from discussions with all
stakeholders and directors consider the feedback during the decision-making processes. The stakeholder
engagement and employee involvement disclosures in the Directors’ report detail how the Company
engages with these parties.

Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting

In accordance with the Companies (Directors’ Report) and Limited Liability Partnerships (Energy and
Carbon Report) Regulations 2018, the directors present the company's energy and carbon report for the
year ended 30 November 2024.

Methodologies used

The reporting methodology in the current year aligns to Pfizer Inc. Operational Control Approach (The
Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A corporate accounting and reporting standard, Chapter 3 Setting
Organisational Boundaries). As the SECR guidelines do not mandate reporting on Scope 3 Category 8
‘Upstream Leased Assets’ emissions, this report contains Scope 1 and 2 emissions from the Walton Oaks
site. The sites that are outside of operational control for this report are Hurley and London Victoria. The
UK Government Department for Energy, Security and Net Zero 2023 and 2024 GHG Conversion Factors
were utilised for this reporting period.

Commitment to responsible energy management

The company and its ultimate parent and ultimate controlling party, Pfizer Inc., are committed to reaching
Net Zero by 2040. Global targets have been set to mitigate climate change and its impact, minimising the
environmental impact of our products and facilities.

The company and the group of Pfizer UK companies (“Pfizer UK”) has developed an energy program to
contribute to Pfizer Inc.’s in meeting global commitments.

2024 Progress

The company and Pfizer UK energy program spans across Pfizer UK sites and offices and is focused on
generating awareness, consolidating and refreshing office space, operating more efficiently, and investing
in new technology.

Total energy consumption fell in 2024 across all areas. Total greenhouse gas emissions fell in 2024 also.
The following energy efficiency projects have been completed to date;
+ Walton Oaks site powered by 100% renewable electricity for the duration of the reporting period.
+ Launched salary sacrifice scheme to enable colleagues to purchase EVs.
+ Battery Electric Vehicle (BEV) charging infrastructure — 26 new electric vehicle chargers installed.

20


Docusign Envelope ID: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Directors’ Report (continued)

Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (continued)

The following energy efficiency projects are planned for the future;

Clean Air Project — working with our Global Fleet team to trial BEV technology, with the aim of
moving our fleet to 100% BEV.

Promoting a Travel Hierarchy across our UK sites — to further encourage carbon efficient
colleague behaviours.

Promoting the Energy Hierarchy across our UK sites — to further encourage energy efficient
colleague behaviours.

Investment in energy efficient measures e.g., building management system schedule and setpoint
adjustments, plant room insulation, LED lighting upgrades, parallel pump control & replacing end-
of-life AHUs, boilers and chillers.

Implementation of a water management system to reduce manual flushing and temperature
monitoring.

Energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions

Units 2024 2023

Energy consumption

Electricity kWh 2,582,613 2,641,456

Gas kWh - _

Business travel: road kWh 1,291,127 1,420,533

Other fuels including gas kWh 2,392,918 2,521,120

Total Streamlined Energy and Carbon Report energy

consumption kWh 6,266,658 6,583,109
Greenhouse gas emissions”

Scope 1 tCO2e 786

Scope 2 tCO2e 600

Scope 3 tCO2e 9

Total emissions (scope 1, 2 and 3) tCO2e 1,395

Total emissions intensity (scope 1, 2 and 3) tCO2e/£m Revenue 2 5

(1) Business travel, claimed through expenses, and on site vehicles is based on mileage, converted to kWh using UK Government GHG conversion factors.

(2) Location based steam generation and fuel for emergency generators converted to kWh using UK Government CHG conversion factors.

(3) Calculated using UK Government GHG conversion factors for company reporting. The scope of this Streamlined Energy and Carbon Report disclosure does not
include some Scope 3 emissions.

(4) Total emissions calculated using ‘Location Based’ method.

Disclosure of information to auditor

The directors who held office at the date of approval of this directors’ report confirm that so far as the
directors are aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the company’s auditor is unaware. The
directors have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as directors in order to make themselves
aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the company's auditor is aware of that
information.

21


Docusign Envelope 1D: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-ABEE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Directors’ Report (continued)
Auditor

Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and
KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office.

By order of the board

Docusigned by:

2660 7269365433,
DI Highton Date: 21 August 2025
Director

Ramsgate Road
Sandwich
Kent, CT13 9NJ

22


Docusign Envelope ID: 50C95D4B-5137-48B8-ABEE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the annual report and
the financial statements

The directors are responsible for preparing the strategic report, the directors’ report and the financial
statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that
law they have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and UK
Accounting Standards (UK Generally Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS 102 The Financial
Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland.

Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that
they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the company
for that period. In preparing these financial statements, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
* make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

* state whether applicable UK Accounting Standards have been followed, subject to any material
departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

* assess the company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern; and

* use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the company or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and
explain the company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial
position of the company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the
Companies Act 2006. They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to
safeguard the assets of the company and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information
included on the company's website. Legislation in the UK governing the preparation and dissemination of
financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

23


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PFIZER
LIMITED

Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Pfizer Limited (‘the Company”) for the year ended 30
November 2024 which comprise the Profit and loss account and other comprehensive income, the
Statement of financial position and the Statement of changes in equity and related notes, including the
accounting policies in note 1.

In our opinion the financial statements:

* give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 30 November 2024 and of its
profit for the year then ended;

* have been properly prepared in accordance with UK accounting standards, including FRS 102 The
Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland; and

* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.
Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities are’ described below. We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities
under, and are independent of the Company in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the
FRC Ethical Standard. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and
appropriate basis for our opinion.

Going concern

The directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend to
liquidate the Company or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the Company's
financial position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material
uncertainties that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at
least a year from the date of approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”).

Our conclusions based on this work:

* we consider that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of
the financial statements is appropriate;

* we have not identified, and concur with the directors’ assessment that there is not, a material
uncertainty related to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant
doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern period; and

However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in
outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the
above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Company will continue in operation.

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud

To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (‘fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions
that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud.
Our risk assessment procedures included:

+  Enquiring of directors whether they have knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud.
+ Reading Board minutes.
+ Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships.

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications
of fraud throughout the audit.

24


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PFIZER
LIMITED (continued)

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect (continued)

As required by auditing standards, and recent revisions to guidance, our overall knowledge of the control
environment, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of controls in
particular:

+ the risk that management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting entries; and
+ the risk of bias in accounting estimates and judgments.

On this audit, we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to revenue recognition as it is typically not
complex and requires minimal judgement.

We did not identify any additional fraud risks.
We performed procedures including:

+ Identifying journal entries and other adjustments to test based on risk criteria and comparing the
identified entries to supporting documentation. These entries included but not limited to journals
posted to seldom used accounts, journals with unexpected account pairings, journals posted by
unexpected individuals and journals with unexpected descriptions,

+ Assessing whether the judgements made in making accounting estimates are indicative of a
potential bias.

Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement related to compliance with laws and
regulations

We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect
on the financial statements from our general commercial and sector experience and through discussion
with the directors the policies and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any
indications of non-compliance throughout the audit.

The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.

Firstly, the Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements
including financial reporting legislation (including related companies legislation), distributable profits
legislation and taxation legislation and we assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and
regulations as part of our procedures on the related financial statement items.

Secondly, the Company is subject to other laws and regulations where the consequences of
noncompliance could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements, for
instance through the imposition of fines or litigation. We identified the following areas as those most likely
to have such an effect: competition law, health and safety, data protection laws, anti-bribery and
employment law. Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with
these laws and regulations to enquiry of the directors and inspection of regulatory and legal
correspondence, if any.

Therefore, if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed to us or evident from relevant
correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation

Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected
some material misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and
performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed
noncompliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial
statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards would identify
it.

25


Docusign Envelope ID: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PFIZER
LIMITED (continued)

Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations — ability to detect (continued)

In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may
involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls.
Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for
preventing noncompliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and
regulations.

Strategic report and directors’ report

The directors are responsible for the strategic report and the directors’ report. Our opinion on the
financial statements does not cover those reports and we do not express an audit opinion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the strategic report and the directors’ report and, in doing so, consider
whether, based on our financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or
inconsistent with the financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work:

+ we have not identified material misstatements in the strategic report and the directors’ report;

+ in our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the

financial statements; and

+ in our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.
Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not

been received from branches not visited by us; or

+ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

* certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.
We have nothing to report in these respects.
Directors’ responsibilities
As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 23, the directors are responsible for: the
preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such
internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the Company's ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
Auditor’s responsibilities
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an
auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an
audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
the financial statements.
A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC's website at www.frc.org.uk/
auditorsresponsibilities.

26


Docusign Envelope ID: 50C95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PFIZER
LIMITED (continued)

The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part
16 of the Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the
Company's members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to
anyone other than the Company and the Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this
report, or for the opinions we have formed.

CZ.

Paul Smeulders (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

15 Canada Square

London,

E14 5GL

United Kingdom

Date: 21 August 2025

27


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Profit and loss account and other comprehensive income
for the year ended 30 November 2024

Note 2024
£°000
Turnover 2 552,829
Net operating costs 3 (517,843)
Operating profit 34,986
Income from shares in group undertakings 14 469,546
Other income 10 1,447
Profit on ordinary activities before interest and tax 505,979
Interest receivable and similar income 7 45,048
Interest payable and similar charges 8 (265)
Finance income 9 3,501
Profit on ordinary activities before tax 4 554,263
Tax charge on profit on ordinary activities 1 (3,114)

Profit on ordinary activities after tax

Other comprehensive gain/(loss)

5: 9

Actuarial gain/(loss) on pension schemes 22 40,300
Deferred tax arising on gain/(loss) in the pension scheme 1 (10,075)

Total comprehensive income for the year

The notes on pages 31 to 58 form part of these financial statements.
All amounts relate to continuing operations.

28

2023
£'000
1,158,133

(1,082,393)

75,740

57,247
1,213

134,200

27,406
(453)
7,300

168,453

(35,409)

133,044

(105,000)
25,275

53,319


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-ABEE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Statement of financial position
as at 30 November 2024
Registered number: 00526209

Note 2024 2023
Restated
£'000 £'000 £000 £'000
Fixed assets
Intangible fixed assets 12 1,619 5,911
Tangible fixed assets 13 41,544 42,864
Financial fixed assets 14 95,134 93,190
138,297 141,965

Current assets
Stocks 15 97,649 113,411
Debtors 16 1,805,281 1,153,556

1,902,930 1,266,967
Current liabilities
Creditors: amounts falling due within one
year 17__ (641,777) (543,877)
Net current assets 1,261,153 723,090
Total assets less current liabilities 1,399,450 865,055
Creditors: amounts falling due after more
than one year 18 (428) (460)
Provisions for liabilities 20 (3,943) (21,652)
Net assets excluding pension assets/
liabilities 1,395,079 842,943
Pension asset 22 129,001 80,400
Pension liability 22 (23,710) (23,379)
Net assets including pension assets/
liabilities 1,500,370 899,964
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 23 103,622 103,622
Share premium 23 1,204 =-
Capital contribution 365,001 365,001
Profit and loss account 1,030,543 431,341
Shareholder’s funds 1,500,370 . 899,964

Refer to note 24 for disclosure of restated comparative figures.
The notes on pages 31 to 58 form part of these financial statements.

These financial statements were approved by the board and were signed on its behalf by:
Docusigned by:
Dawid. Highton,
2660F 7260363433,
DI Highton Date: 21 August 2025

Director
29


Docusign Envelope 1D: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Statement of changes in equity
for the year ended 30 November 2024

Called up o Profit and
share remlara contrinatiea loss Total
capital P account

£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
At 1 December 2022, as
previously reported 103,622 - 365,001 172,334 640,957
Adjustment to prior period balances
(note 24) _ _— _ 188,909 188,909
1 December 2022, restated 103,622 — 365,001 361,243, 829,866
Profit for the year _ _ _ 133,044 133,044
Other comprehensive loss _ — —_ (79,725) (79,725)
Total comprehensive loss for the
year _ — _ 53,319 53,319
Transactions with owners,
recognised in equity
Capital contribution arising on
employee share scheme (note 6) = = _— 16,779 16,779
At 30 November 2023, restated 103,622 _ 365,001 431,341 899,964
Profit for the year _ _ _ 551.149 551,149
Other comprehensive profit _ _ _ 30,225 30,225
Total comprehensive income for
the year _— — _— 581,374 581,374
Transactions with owners,
recognised in equity
Contributions (note 14) _ 1,204 _ _ 1,204
Capital contribution arising on
employee share scheme (note 6) - _ _ 17,828 17,828
Balance at 30 November 2024 103,622 1,204 ___—-365,001 1,030,543 1,500,370

The notes on pages 31 to 58 form part of these financial statements.

30


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256 106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes
forming part of the financial statements
1. Statement of accounting policies

Basis of preparation

Pfizer Limited is a limited liability company, limited by shares, incorporated in England and domiciled and
registered in the UK. The registered number is 00526209 and the registered office is Ramsgate Road,
Sandwich, Kent, CT13 9NJ.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with FRS102, the financial reporting standard
applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland ("FRS102").

The presentation currency of these financial statements is Sterling. All amounts in the financial
statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

The accounting policies set out below have, unless otherwise stated, been applied consistently to all
periods presented in these financial statements. Judgements made by the directors, in the application of
these accounting policies that have significant effect on the financial statements and estimates with a
significant risk of material adjustment in the next year are discussed in note 28.

Exemptions for qualifying entities under FRS 102

In these financial statements, the company is considered to be a qualifying entity (for the purposes of
this FRS) and has applied the exemption available under FRS 102 in respect of the below disclosures.
The disclosure exemptions are subject to certain conditions, which have been complied with.

A separate cash flow statement is not presented by the company as the information is included in the
consolidated cash flow statement prepared by the ultimate parent, Pfizer Inc., in the manner prescribed
by FRS102.7.

The company has availed of the exemption in FRS 102.33.1A from the requirement to disclose details of
transactions with group undertakings. Other than transactions with related group undertakings there are
no related party transactions. Details of the availability of the group consolidated financial statements are
given in note 27.

The company is exempt from disclosing the company key management personnel compensation, as
required by FRS 102 paragraph 33.7.

The company is exempt from certain disclosures of share based payments as the relevant information is
disclosed in the consolidated financial statements of Pfizer Inc., as required by FRS 102.26.

The company has availed of the exemption from disclosures for financial assets and liabilities required
by Section 11 paragraphs 11.42, 11.44, 11.45, 11.47, 11.48(a)(iii), 11.48(a)(iv), 11.48(b) and 11.48(c) and
Section 12 paragraphs 12.26, 12.27, 12.29(a), 12.29(b) and 12.29A as equivalent disclosures are
included in the consolidated financial statements of Pfizer Inc. in which Pfizer Limited is consolidated.

Going Concern

The company has assessed the principal risks and other matters at the reporting date and at the date of
approval of the financial statements. In doing so management considered the company’s performance,
reserves and forecasts for a period of 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements,
which indicate that, taking account of reasonably possible downsides, the company will have sufficient
funds to meet its liabilities as they fall due for that period. Based on these considerations, the directors
believe that it remains appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the
financial statements.

31


Docusign Envelope 1D: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements
1. Statement of accounting policies (continued)

Measurement convention

The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis except where noted in accounting
policies below.

Consolidation

The company is exempt by virtue of s.401 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare
group accounts. These financial statements present information about the company as an individual
undertaking and not about its group.

Goodwill and intangible assets

Purchased goodwill, representing the excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair
value of the separable net assets acquired, is capitalised and amortised in instalments of up to 20 years,
based on the directors’ estimate of its useful economic life.

Goodwill and intangible assets are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and
are stated net of any provisions for impairment.

Fixed assets and depreciation

Tangible fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment
losses.

Where parts of an item of tangible fixed assets have different useful lives, they are accounted for as
separate items of tangible fixed assets, for example land is treated separately from buildings.

The company assesses at each reporting date whether tangible fixed assets are impaired.

Depreciation is charged to the profit and loss account on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful
lives of each part of an item of tangible fixed assets. Land is not depreciated. The general estimated
useful lives are as follows:

Freehold buildings 33 years
Leasehold improvements Life of lease
Plant and equipment 2 to 20 years

No depreciation is provided on payments on account or assets in the course of construction.

Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed if there is an indication of a
significant change since the last annual reporting date in the pattern by which the company expects to
consume an asset's future economic benefits.

Residual value is calculated on prices prevailing at the date of acquisition. The net book value of fixed
assets is written down to estimated recoverable amount, should any impairment be identified.

32


Docusign Envelope ID: 50C95D48-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements
1. Statement of accounting policies (continued)

Financial fixed assets

Investments in group undertakings and- other non-listed investments are measured at cost less
accumulated impairment. An impairment test is undertaken on an annual basis by the company to
confirm that the carrying value of non-listed financial fixed assets is appropriate.

Listed investments are stated at market value and any increase in value is transferred to a reserve
through profit and loss account.

Foreign currencies

Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded using the company's set exchange rate for the month of
the transaction. This set exchange rate is the actual month end rate for the last close period. Monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated using the rate of exchange ruling
at the statement of financial position date and the gains or losses on translation are included in the profit
and loss account. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated
at fair value are retranslated to the functional currency at foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the
fair value was determined. Foreign exchange differences arising on translation are recognised in the
profit and loss account.

The company uses derivative financial instruments to reduce exposure to foreign exchange risk. The
company does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. The company
accounts for derivatives at fair value and they are recognised at their fair value on the statement of
financial position.

Leases

Operating lease rentals are charged to the profit and loss account on a straight line basis over the period
of the lease.

Stocks

Stocks are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. In determining the cost of raw materials,
consumables and goods purchased for resale, the lower of cost and net realisable value method of
valuation is used. For work in progress and finished goods cost is taken as production cost, which
includes an appropriate proportion of attributable overheads.

Turnover

Turnover represents the amounts (excluding value added tax and net of rebates and returns) derived
from the provision of goods to customers, from royalty agreements and from co-promotion and co-
development agreements. Turnover from provision of goods is recognised at the point at which the
significant risks and rewards are transferred to the buyer, in line with contract terms, typically on date of
goods despatch or delivery to customer. Turnover from royalties is recognised at the point the income
becomes due in accordance with the relevant royalty agreement. Income from co-promotion and co-
development agreements is recognised when it is earned, as defined in the contract, and can be reliably
estimated. In general this is upon the sale of the co-promoted product or upon the delivery of a
promotional service.

33


Docusign Envelope ID: 5SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements
1. Statement of accounting policies (continued)

Deferred income

Deferred income is recognised as accruals and deferred income when the customer pays consideration
before the company recognises the related revenue.

Research and development expenditure

Expenditure on research and development is charged to the profit and loss account in the year in which
it is incurred. Expenditure on fixed assets employed in research and development activities is capitalised
and charged to depreciation in accordance with the company’s accounting policy.

Rental income

Revenue from rental agreements is recognised on a straight-line basis to the profit and loss account over
the period covered by the lease term, once there is a signed agreement in place with the tenant, and the
amount of rental income can be measured reliably.

Employee benefits
Defined contribution plans and other long term employee benefits

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which the company pays fixed
contributions into a separate entity and has no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts.
Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an expense in the
profit and loss account in the periods during which services are rendered by employees. The company
operates a number of defined contribution schemes.

The company also provides certain employees with post-retirement benefits other than pensions and the
cost of providing these benefits are recognised in other comprehensive income.

Defined benefit plans

The company operates a funded defined benefit pension scheme providing benefits based on age,
length of service and pensionable salary at the date of leaving the scheme. The scheme closed to future
accrual at 31 December 2017. Contributions to the scheme are charged to the profit and loss account so
as to spread the cost of pensions over employees’ expected working lives with the company.

A defined benefit plan is a post-employment benefit plan other than a defined contribution plan. The
company's net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans and other long term employee benefits is
calculated by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in return for their
service in the current and prior periods; that benefit is discounted to determine its present value. The fair
value of any plan assets is deducted. The company determines the net interest expense/income on the
net defined benefit liability/asset for the period by applying the discount rate as determined at the
beginning of the annual period to the net defined benefit liability/asset taking account of changes arising
as a result of contributions and benefit payments.

A valuation is performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method. Under
FRS 102, the company can recognise a surplus on the balance sheet as the employer has an
unconditional right to a refund of any surplus.

34


Docusign Envelope 1D; 50C95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)

forming part of the financial statements

1. Statement of accounting policies (continued)
Employee benefits (continued)

Defined benefit plans (continued)

Changes in the net defined benefit liability arising from employee service rendered during the period, net
interest on net defined benefit liability, and the cost of plan introductions, benefit changes, curtailments
and settlements during the period are recognised in profit or loss. Remeasurement of the net defined
benefit liability/asset is recognised in other comprehensive income in the period in which it occurs.

Short-term benefits

Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as
the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-
term cash bonus or profit-sharing plans if the company has a present legal or constructive obligation to
pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be
estimated reliably.

Share based payments

Share-based payment arrangements in which the entity receives goods or services as consideration for
its own equity instruments are accounted for as equity-settled share-based payment transactions,
regardless of how the equity instruments are obtained by the entity.

The grant date fair value of share-based payments awards granted to employees is recognised as an
employee expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the employees
become unconditionally entitled to the awards. The fair value of the awards granted is measured based
on the fair value of the options or shares determined at the grant date. The company uses option
valuation models, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the awards were granted.
The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of awards for which the
related service and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount
ultimately recognised as an expense is based on the number of awards that do meet the related service
and non-market performance conditions at the vesting date. For share-based payment awards with non-
vesting conditions, the grant date fair value of the share-based payment is measured to reflect such
conditions and there is no true-up for differences between expected and actual outcomes.

The company currently does not issue its own equity instruments as share-based payments. The
company is part of the Pfizer Inc. group which operates a stock plan that offers share-based payments to
employees of the wider group. Share-based payments issued by Pfizer Inc. are recognised based on the
company's allocation of the group expense. This allocation is based on an assignment of colleague
expenses based on their employing entity within the group. Pfizer Inc. does not recharge for the cost of
the shares issued under this plan.

Borrowing costs

All borrowing costs are recognised as an expense in profit or loss in the period in which they are
incurred.

35


Docusign Envelope ID: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements
1. Statement of accounting policies (continued)

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts
of cash that are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Therefore, an investment normally
qualifies as a cash equivalent only when it has a short maturity of, say, three months or less from the
date of acquisition. Bank overdrafts are normally considered financing activities similar to borrowings.
However, if they are repayable on demand and form an integral part of an entity's cash management,
bank overdrafts are a component of cash and cash equivalents.

Financial instruments
Financial assets

Basic financial assets, including trade and other debtors and amounts due from group companies are
initially recognised at transaction price, unless the arrangement constitutes a financing transaction,
where the transaction is measured at the present value of the future receipts discounted at a market rate
of interest.

Trade and other debtors are recognised initially at transaction price less attributable transaction costs.
Subsequent to initial recognition they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
method, less any impairment losses in the case of trade debtors. A provision is made when there is
objective evidence that the company will not be able to recover balances in full. Balances are written off
when the probability of recovery is assessed as being remote. If there is a decrease in the impairment
loss arising from an event occurring after the impairment was recognised the impairment is reversed.
The reversal is such that the current carrying amount does not exceed what the carrying amount would
have been had the impairment not previously been recognised. The impairment reversal is recognised in
profit or loss. Financial assets are derecognised when (a) the contractual rights to the cash flows from
the asset expire or are settled, or (b) substantially all the risks and rewards of the ownership of the asset
are transferred to another party or (c) control of the asset has been transferred to another party who has
the practical ability to unilaterally sell the asset to an unrelated third party without imposing additional
restrictions.

Financial liabilities

Basic financial liabilities, including trade and other payables and amounts due to group companies are
initially recognised at transaction price, unless the arrangement constitutes a financing transaction,
where the debt instrument is measured at the present value of the future payments discounted at a
market rate of interest. Debt instruments are subsequently carried at amortised cost, using the effective
interest rate method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction
costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee
is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which
it relates. Financial liabilities are derecognised when the liability is extinguished, that is when the
contractual obligation is discharged, cancelled or expires.

Offsetting

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amounts presented in the financial statements when
there is an enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net
basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

36


Docusign Envelope ID: 50C95D4B-5137-48B88-ABEE-4256106072CB8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)

forming part of the financial statements

1. Statement of accounting policies (continued)

Other financial instruments

Derivative financial instruments

Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair
value is recognised immediately in profit and loss. The fair value of the derivatives is determined by

using the net present value techniques, the discounted cash flow method, comparison to similar
instruments for which market observable prices exist, and valuation models.

Fair value hedges

Where a derivative financial instrument is designated as a hedge of the variability in fair value of a
recognised asset or liability or an unrecognised firm commitment, all changes in the fair value of the
derivative are recognised immediately in profit or loss. The carrying value of the hedged item is adjusted
by the change in fair value that is attributable to the risk being hedged and any gains or losses on
remeasurement are recognised immediately in the profit and loss.

Provisions

A provision will be recognised when the company has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a
result of a past event; it is probable that a transfer of economic benefits will be required to settle the
obligation; and a reliable estimate can be made of the obligation. Unless these conditions are met, no
provision will be recognised.

Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised
even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations
may be small.

Provisions are recognised at the best estimate of the amount required to settle the obligation at the
reporting date.

Interest receivable and interest payable

Interest receivable and similar income includes interest receivable on funds invested and net foreign
exchange gains. Interest payable and similar charges includes interest payable, finance charges on
shares classified as liabilities and finance leases recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest
method, unwinding of the discount on provisions, and net foreign exchange losses that are recognised in
the profit and loss account (see foreign currencies accounting policy).

Interest income and interest payable are recognised in profit or loss as they accrue, using the effective
interest rate method. Dividend income is recognised in the profit and loss account on the date the entity's
right to receive payments is established. Foreign currency gains and losses are reported on a net basis.

Taxation

Tax on the profit or loss for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit
and loss account except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity or other
comprehensive income, in which case it is recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using
tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the statement of financial position date, and any
adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

37


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)

forming part of the financial statements

1. Statement of accounting policies (continued)
Taxation (continued)

Deferred tax is provided on timing differences which arise from the inclusion of income and expenses in
tax assessments in periods different from those in which they are recognised in the financial statements.
The following timing differences are not provided for: differences between accumulated depreciation and
tax allowances for the cost of a fixed asset if and when all conditions for retaining the tax allowances
have been met; and differences relating to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures to
the extent that it is not probable that they will reverse in the foreseeable future and the reporting entity is
able to control the reversal of the timing difference. Deferred tax is not recognised on permanent
differences arising because certain types of income or expense are non-taxable or are disallowable for
tax or because certain tax charges or allowances are greater or smaller than the corresponding income
or expense.

Deferred tax is provided in respect of the additional tax that will be paid or avoided on differences
between the amount at which an asset (other than goodwill) or liability is recognised in a business
combination and the corresponding amount that can be deducted or assessed for tax. Goodwill is
adjusted by the amount of such deferred tax.

Deferred tax is measured at the tax rate that is expected to apply to the reversal of the related difference,
using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the statement of financial position date. Deferred tax
balances are not discounted.

Unrelieved tax losses and other deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable
that they will be recovered against the reversal of deferred tax liabilities or other future taxable profits.

Related party transactions

The company avails of the exemption contained in FRS 102 Section 33 Related Party Disclosures and
does not disclose transactions entered into between wholly owned members of the group, transactions
with entities not wholly group owned are disclosed in accordance with the accounting standards and
Companies Act 2006.

Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new
ordinary shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

2. Analysis of turnover by geographical market and by class of business

Product sales Royalties Total
2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023
£'000 £000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Turnover by destination
UK 515,260 1,121,751 _ _ 515,260 1,121,751
Rest of the world 563 383 37,006 35,999 37,569 36,382
Turnover 515,823 1,122,134 37,006 35,999 552,829 1,158,133

38


Docusign Envelope ID: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements
3. Net operating costs

2024 2023
£000 £'000
Net cost of sales 410,302 996,920
Net research and development expenditure 43,442 21,514
Net distribution costs 3,930 7,752
Net administration expenses 60,169 56,207

517,843 __ 1,082,393

Administration expenses for the year include an expense of £17,828,000 (2023: £16,779,000) in respect
of share based payment transactions (note 6) and restructuring costs (note 20) of £19,937,000 (2023:
£1,216,000), offset by £21,000,000 (2023: nil) for the release of provisions in respect of litigation matters
(note 20). Restructuring costs arose as a result of various divisional and global reorganisation projects
undertaken during the year. A foreign exchange gain of £4,089,000 (2023: loss of £4,623,000) is
recognised within cost of sales.

4. Profit on ordinary activities before taxation

2024 2023
£'000 £'000
Profit on ordinary activities before taxation is stated after charging/
(crediting):
Impairment of goodwill (note 12) 4,836 8,976
Loss on disposal of fixed assets 480 34
Operating lease payment expenses 1,099 1,220
Foreign exchange loss — net 4,089 4,623
Auditor's remuneration:
Audit of the company's annual accounts 477 473

In addition to the audit fee disclosure above the company has borne £75,154 (2023: £76,654) of audit
fees in respect of the audits of annual accounts for subsidiary companies.

The company's auditor also received fees from other group undertakings of £66,660 (2023: £66,660) in
respect of their audit of an associated pension scheme and £39,681 (2023: £39,681) in respect of
assurance services on industry returns. These costs were not borne by the company.

39


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)

forming part of the financial statements

5. Remuneration of directors

2024 2023
£'000 £'000
Directors’ emoluments 1,866 1,866

The aggregate of emoluments and amounts receivable under long term incentive schemes of the highest
paid director was £481,799 (2023: £469,658).

2024 2023
No. No.
The number of directors who exercised share options during the year was _- _

Eight directors, including the highest paid director, received shares under a long term incentive schemes
during the year (2023: seven).

6. Staff numbers and costs

The average number of people employed by the company (including directors) during the year, analysed
by category, was as follows:

2024 2023

No. No.

Manufacturing 159 209
Research and development 137 151
Sales and distribution 408 371

539 513

Administration

The aggregate payroll costs of these people were as follows:

2024
£'000
Wages and salaries 90,618
Social security costs 7,774
Other pension costs 8,996
Cost of employee share schemes (see note 22) 17,828

The payroll costs are shown net of intercompany recharges for hosted employees working on behalf of
the wider Pfizer Inc. group. The amount of recharges were as follows: wages and salaries of £71,567,958
(2023: £70,953,094), social security costs of £10,089,564 (2023: £13,812,716) and other pension costs of
£6,025,582 (2023: £6,932,422).

40


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-ABEE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements

7. Interest receivable and similar income

2024 2023

£'000 £000
Interest receivable from group undertakings 45,048 27,406
8. Interest payable and similar charges

2024 2023

£'000 £'000
Interest payable to group undertakings 265 453
9. Finance income

2024 2023

£'000 £'000
Finance income 3,501 7,300,
10. Other income

2024 2023

£'000 £'000
Other income - rental 1,447 1,213
11, Tax charge on profit on ordinary activities

2024 2023

£'000 £'000
Current tax
Current tax on income for the period 8,297 15,402
Adjustments in respect of prior periods (18,654) 5,020

(10,357) 20,422
Deferred tax

Origination and reversal of timing differences 13,296 14,648
Change in tax rate _- (27)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods 175 366

13,471 14,987
Tax charge on profit on ordinary activities 3,114

a“


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements

11. Tax charge on profit on ordinary activities (continued)

2024 2023
£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Current Deferred Total tax Current Deferred Total tax
| . tax tax tax tax
Recognised in profitand loss. (49,367) 13,474 3,114 20,422 -—« 14,987 35,409
Recognised in other
comprehensive income _ 10,075 10,075 — (25,275) (25,275)
Total tax (10,357) 23,546 13,189 20,422 (10,288) 10,134
Analysis of current tax recognised in profit and loss
2024 2023
£'000 £'000
UK corporation tax (10,357) 20,422
Total current tax recognised in profit and loss (10,357) 20,422

The tax assessed for the year is lower than (2023: lower than) the applicable rate of corporation tax in the

UK of 25% (2023: 19%/ 25%). The differences are explained below:

Reconciliation of effective tax rate

Profit on ordinary activities after tax
Total tax expense

554,263

Tax using the UK corporation tax rate of 25% (2023: 19% until 31 March

2024
£'000
551,149
3,114

2023 and 25% from April 1 April 2023) 138,566
Change in tax rate on deferred tax balances =
Non-deductible expenses 5,664
Non-taxable income (122,637)
(Over)/under provided in prior years (18,479)
Total tax expense included in profit and loss 3,114

2023
£'000
133,044
35,409

168,453

38,761

(27)
4,462

(13,173)
5,386

35,409

An increase in the UK corporation tax rate from 19% to 25% was announced in March 2021. This tax rate

increase to 25% became effective from 1 April 2023.

The UK has enacted legislation for global minimum taxation resulting from the Organization for Economic
Co-operation and Development's (OECD) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting “Pillar 2” project. The
provisions are effective for the Pfizer UK entities for the year ended 30 November 2024. However, the
Pfizer UK entities do not have a “Pillar 2” top-up tax liability for the year ended 30 November 2024.

42


Docusign Envelope ID: SDC 95D4B-5137-48B8-ABEE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements

12. Intangible fixed assets

Goodwill
£'000

Cost
At beginning and end of year 513,356
Additions 1,003
At end of year
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
At beginning of year 507,445
Amortisation charge for the year 459
Impairment 4,836
At end of year
Net realisable value
At 30 November 2024 1,619
At 30 November 2023 5,911

The net realisable value of intangible fixed assets relates to the 2017 acquisition of the Hospira
pharmaceutical business from Pfizer PFE UK Limited, and the 2024 acquisition of the pharmaceutical
business of Seagen UK Limited.

In 2024, the company purchased 100% of Seagen UK Limited from a fellow group company for
consideration of £1,003,049.

An impairment charge of £4,836,000 was recognised in the profit and loss account during the year to fully
impair the goodwill balance arising on the acquisition of Global Blood Therapeutics UK Limited (2023:
impairment of £8,976,000).

43


Docusign Envelope ID: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)

forming part of the financial statements

13. Tangible fixed assets

Freehold land Leasehold Plant and Payments on Total
and buildings improvements Equipment account and
assets in course
of construction
£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
Cost or valuation
At beginning of year 83,107 1,558 37,195 1,351 123,211
Additions _ - 7,205 60 7,265
Transfers between
categories _ 69 1,050 (1,119) _
Disposals = (1,558) (11,232) — (12,790)
At end of year 83,107 69 34,218 292 117,686
Depreciation
At beginning of year 48,113 1,558 30,676 — 80,347
Charge for year 2,483 28 1,979 _ 4,490
Additions _— _ 3,533 _ 3,533
Disposals _ (1,558) (10,670) = (12,228)
At end of year 50,596 28 25,518 _ 76,142
Net book value
At 30 November 2024 32,511 41 8,700 292 41,544
At 30 November 2023 34,994 _ 6,519 1,351 42,864

Included in the total net book value of freehold land and buildings is £523,382 (2023: £523,382) in respect

of land which is not depreciated.

14, Financial fixed assets

At beginning of year
Additions

Disposals

At end of year

Shares in group
undertakings

£'000
88,831
419,162

(417,957)
90,036

Other
Investments

£'000
4,359
739

5,098,

Total

£'000
93,190
419,901

(417,957)

95,134

44


Docusign Envelope 1D: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)

forming part of the financial statements

14, Financial fixed assets (continued)

The investments comprise:

Shares in joint venture

The company owned 50% of the ordinary share capital of Cyclofluidic Limited whose principal activities
were the development and exploitation of intellectual property. The investment in this entity had a carrying
value of £nil and this entity was dissolved on 20 December 2023.

Shares in subsidiary undertakings

100%*

Name of undertaking Registered office Percentage holding of
ordinary share capital
Ramsgate Road, Sandwich, Kent, CT13 9NJ 100% ****
John Wyeth & Brother Ltd Ramsgate Road, Sandwich, Kent, CT13 9NJ | 100%
9 Riverwalk, National Digital Park, Citywest
Wyeth Pharmaceuticals Limited Business Campus, Dublin, 24, Ireland
51 Avenue JF Kennedy
Luxembourg,
Phivco Holdco Sarl 6 ii S Luxembourg 100%****
PZR Ltd Ramsgate Road, Sandwich, Kent, CT13 9NJ 100%
PZR [PZR Property Limited | Limited Ramsgate Road, Sandwich, Kent, CT13 9NJ 100%
Horizon Honey Lane, Hurley, Maidenhead, SL6
Hospira UK Limited 100%
Global Blood Therapeutics UK a Legalinx Limited, 3rd Floor, 207 Regent
Limited Street, London, W1B 3HH 100%**
Horizon Honey Lane, Hurley, Maidenhead, SL6
Hospira Aseptic Services Limited |6RJ 100%***
The Charter Building, Charter Place, Uxbridge,
Seagen UK Limited UB8 1JG 100%
Investment held indirectly
Investment is currently in liquidation

laa Investment held indirectly, was in liquidation at year end and liquidated post year end
**** Investment was in liquidation at year end and liquidated post year end

45


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256 106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements

14. Financial fixed assets (continued)

Shares in subsidiary undertakings (continued)

During the year, Pfizer Luxco Holdings SARL contributed Seagen UK Limited to the Company in
exchange for £2 called up share capital and £1,203,657 share premium.

During the year, PHIVCO Holdco Sarl distributed 95% of its holding in Class C preferred shares of Pfizer
Holdings International Luxembourg (PHIL) Sarl, pro-rata to its shareholders. The distribution to the
Company was treated as a dividend in kind with a fair market value of £417,956,786. The Company
subsequently disposed of its investment in Pfizer Holdings Internation Luxembourg (PHIL) Sarl to Pfizer
Pharmaceuticals Global B.V. at fair value £417,956,786.

PHIVCO Holdco Sarl paid a dividend of £44,671,182, Neusentis Limited paid a dividend of £5,704,279
and Seagen UK Limited paid a dividend of £1,213,407 to the company during the year. The dividends
received have been recognised in the profit and loss account.

Other Investments

Other investments comprise shares in joint venture and investments in Levicept Limited, Ixchelsis Limited,
and Dementia Discovery Fund (see note 25). The movements during the year represent adjustments to
the investment in the Dementia Discovery Fund.

15. Stocks
2024 2023
£'000 £'000
Finished goods and goods for resale 97,64! 113,411

The replacement cost of stocks did not differ significantly from the amounts shown above. The write-down
of stocks to net realisable value amounted to £15,014,000 (2023: £4,447,000). The write-down is included
in cost of sales.

16. Debtors

2024 2023

Restated

£'000 £'000

Trade debtors (note 19) 96,710 91,157
Amounts owed by group undertakings (note 19) 1,679,180 1,026,410
Other debtors (note 19) 26,816 24,487
Prepayments and accrued income 699 1,600
Deferred tax asset (note 21) _ 9,902
Forward foreign exchange contracts assets (note 19) 1,876 =

1,805,281 1,153,556

Refer to note 24 for disclosure of restated comparative figures.

46


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-ABEE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements

16. Debtors (continued)

As at 30 November 2023, other debtors balance included a receivable of £10,660,000 which was due
after more than one year. The balance related to a refund expected from the Department of Health
following the end of the voluntary scheme for branded medicines pricing and access (VPAS).

Amounts owed by group undertakings and related parties (note 19)

Amounts owed by group undertakings are unsecured, non interest bearing and repayable on demand.
For amounts placed with Pfizer Service Company Ireland, a group treasury company, interest is charged
at commercial rates for loan facilities and at a rate determined by Pfizer Service Company Ireland for call
account facilities. Where commercial rates are negative a floor of 0% may be applied however Pfizer
Service Company Ireland reserves the right to pass on any costs incurred in providing the required
facilities by adjusting the interest rate. At year-end the interest rate on loan facilities was 4.5853% (2023:
5.0750%) and for call account facilities was 4.6130% (2023: 5.0770%) for GBP, 2.9620% (2023:
3.8430%) for EUR and 4.5010% (2023: 5.3310%) for USD.

17. Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

2024 2023

£'000 £'000
Trade creditors (note 19) 66,010 47,029
Amounts owed to group undertakings (note 19) 248,567 299,727
UK corporation tax 25,175 36,914
Other taxation and social security 22,221 46,699
Accruals and deferred income 266,130 110,740
Forward foreign exchange contracts liability (note 19) _- 2,760
Deferred tax liability (note 21) 13,644 —
Bank overdraft 30

641,777

18. Creditors: amounts falling due after more than one year

2024 2023
£'000 £000
Accruals and deferred income 428 460

428 460

47


Docusign Envelope ID: SDC95D4B-5137-4888-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements

19. Financial instruments

The analysis of the carrying amounts of the financial instruments of the group required under section 11 of
FRS 102 is as follows:

Financial assets that are debt instruments measured at amortised costs:

2024 2023
Restated
£'000 £'000
Trade debtors 96,710 91,157
Other debtors 26,816 24,487
Amounts owed by group undertakings 1,679,180 1,026,410
Refer to note 24 for disclosure of restated comparative figures.
Financial assets/(liabilities) measured at fair value:
2024 2023
£'000 £'000
Forward foreign exchange contract (liabilities) - (2,760)
Forward foreign exchange contract (debtors) 1,876 =
1,876 2,76

The company uses derivatives to hedge its exposures to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. As
at the year end the company had open forward currency contracts in place with a fellow group company
to buy and sell various currencies. The fair values of these contracts are based on market values of
equivalent instruments at the statement of financial position date.

Financial liabilities that are debt instruments measured at amortised costs:

2024 2023

£'000 £'000

Trade creditors 66,010 47,029

Amounts owed to group undertakings 248,567 299,727

Bank overdraft 30 8

20. Provisions for liabil
Restructuring Other Total
provision provisions

£000 £'000 £000

At beginning of year 652 21,000 21,652
Profit and loss charge 19,937 — 19,937
Released during the year — (21,000) (21,000)
Utilised during the year (16,646) _ (16,646)
At end of year 3,943 _— 3,943

Restructuring costs relate to various divisional and group reorganisations and have been included within
administration expenses.

48


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D48-5137-48B8-ABEE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements

20. Provisions for liabilities (continued)

Other provisions are in relation to litigation matters pending against the company. During the year it was
confirmed that if any future payment were to be made in respect of one of those matters, for which
provision had been made in prior years, then it would be paid and borne by a fellow group company. As a
result, a £21,000,000 provision was released to net operating costs. As the directors believe the impact of
this adjustment is not material, the amount has been adjusted for in the current period. A prior year
adjustment was not considered necessary.

Further disclosures have not been made in relation to such matters on the grounds that it can be
expected to prejudice seriously the position of the company.

21. Deferred tax assets and liab

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

2024 2023

ies Net Assets Liabilities Net

£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000 £'000

Depreciation in excess of 2.269 _ 2,269 3,077 _ 3,077
Employee benefits _ (16,961) (16,961) 6,538 - 6,538
Restructuring provision 986 _— 986 163 — 163
Other 62 _— 62 124 _— 124
Net tax assets/(liabilities) 3,317 (16,961) (13,644) 9,902 = 9,902

The company has capital losses carried forward of £118,285,000 (2023: £118,285,000) upon which a
deferred tax asset is not recognised. This asset is not recognised as it is not expected to be utilised in the
foreseeable future.

22. Employee benefits

Pension scheme

The company operates a funded defined benefit pension scheme (The PGPS plan) providing benefits
based on age, length of service and pensionable salary at the date of leaving the scheme. The scheme
closed to future accrual at 31 December 2017. The contributions are determined by a qualified actuary on
the basis of triennial valuations using the projected unit method. Based on the latest valuation's schedule
of contribution, it was concluded that no additional contributions are currently required.

The company also operates defined contribution and defined benefit unfunded unapproved retirement
benefit schemes separate to the Pfizer Group Pension Scheme. For these schemes the company entered
into a contractual agreement to pay a pension to the holder at retirement for which benefits are accrued.
The defined benefit unfunded unapproved retirement benefit scheme closed to future accrual at 31
December 2017.

The valuation performed for the FRS 102 disclosures has been based on the most recent actuarial
valuation at 1 April 2023 performed by Lane Clark & Peacock LLP and updated by Aon Hewitt to take
account of the requirements of FRS 102 in order to assess the liabilities of the scheme at 30 November
2024. The scheme assets are stated at their bid market value at 30 November 2024.

49


Docusign Envelope ID: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)

forming part of the financial statements
22. Employee benefits (continued)
Pension scheme (continued)

Pension scheme asset (excluding deferred
At beginning of year

Profit and loss
Contributions

Gain/(charge) recognised in the statement of other comprehensive income
Defined contributions unfunded unapproved retirement benefit scheme

At end of year

The amounts recognised in the statement of financial position are as follows:

Net pension asset:
Defined benefit obligation
Plan assets

Net pension asset

Pension liability:

tax):

Defined benefit unfunded unapproved retirement benefit scheme

Defined contribution unfunded unapproved reti
Pension liability

irement benefit scheme

Movements in present value of defined benefit obligation

At beginning of year

Interest expense
Remeasurement actuarial gain
Benefits paid

At the end of year

Movements in fair value of plan assets

At beginning of year
Remeasurement actuarial loss
Interest income

Benefits paid

Administration costs
Contributions by employer

At the end of year

50

2024
£'000
57,021
701
7,600
40,300

(331)

105,291

2023
£'000
152,838
3,200
7,000
(105,000)
(1,017)
57,021

pa Tk

2.167, 701

2024 2023
£'000 £'000
(2,058,700) (2,105,800)
2,187,701 2,186,200
~ 129,001 80,400
2024 2023
£000 £'000
(15,100) (15,100)
(8,610) (8,279)
(23,710) (23,379)
2024 2023
£000 £'000
2,120,900 2,354,500
107,600 103,200
(58,100) (245,900)
(96,600) (90,900)
2,073,800 _ 2,120,900
2024 2023
£000 £'000
2,186,200 2,514,600
(17,800) (350,900)
111,101 110,500
(96,600) (90,900)
(2,800) (4,100)
7,600 7,000

_2,186,200_


Docusign Envelope ID: SDC95D4B-5137-48B8-ABEE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements
22. Employee benefits (continued)

Pension scheme (continued)
The amounts recognised in other comprehensive income are shown on page 28.
The amounts recognised in the profit and loss account in relation to the defined benefit scheme are as

follows:
2024 2023
£'000 £000
Net interest income on net defined benefit asset (3,501) (7,300)
Administration costs included in other operating costs 2,800 4,100
(701) 3,200
The fair value of the plan assets and the return on those assets were as follows:
Asset allocation at Asset allocation at
30-Nov 2024 30-Nov 2023
Scheme portfolio % £'000 % £'000
Property 8.9 % 194,486 9.3 % 202,900
Bonds 18.3 % 401,352 21.3% 466,700
Secured Finance 9.9 % 215,909 18.5 % 404,500
LDI 44.9 % 981,234 41.0 % 896,000
Insured annuities 14.0 % 306,000 14.6 % 319,600
Cash and cash equivalents 3.7 % 81,420 —% _—
Other 0.3 % 7,300 (4.7)% (103,500)
100 % 2,187,701 100 % 2,186,200

Scheme assets do not include any of the company’s own financial instruments or any property occupied
by the company.

The Scheme had insured annuities in effect during both the current and prior years. In accordance with
FRS 102, the related scheme asset and liability were recognized in the financial statements. A £150m
loan was secured to fund the premium for a further buy-in of a portion of the scheme's pensioner
liabilities. This loan was recorded above under the Other category and was fully repaid during the year.

Included within the property assets are £184.9m of directly held properties. Estimates of the fair value of
these property assets have been performed using the valuation as at 30th September, 2023 (the latest
quarterly valuation before the year-end) updated for any subsequent purchases and disposals between
the valuation date and the year-end reporting date.

Additionally, the fair value of assets comprises of assets which are based on non-observerable inputs of
£259.3m. Estimates of the fair value of these assets have been performed using the latest available
statements of each of the funds that make up this balance, updated for any subsequent cash movements
between the statement date and the year-end reporting date.

51


Docusign Envelope ID: S0C95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements

22. Employee benefits (continued)

Pension scheme (continued)

Principal actuarial assumptions at the statement of financial position date

2024 2023
Discount rate for interest cost 5.10% 5.18%
Discount rate applied to scheme liabilities 5.22% 5.14%
RPI Inflation 3.07% 3.16%
CPI Inflation 2.66% 2.71%
Pension increases on pensions accrued**:
RPI pension increases pre 6 April 1997 and in excess of GMP 0% 0%
CPI pension increases April 1997 — April 2006 2.59% 2.63%
RPI pension increases April 1997 — April 2006 2.88% 2.96%
CPI pension increases post April 2006 1.89% 1.91%
RPI pension increases post April 2006 2.01% 2.04%

** Certain sections/groups that have transferred in from other schemes are entitled to different pension
increases. They are valued consistently with this basis.

Mortality assumptions

The mortality assumptions are based on the recent actual mortality experience of scheme members and
allow for expected future mortality improvements. The assumptions are that a member currently aged 65
will live on average for a further 22.9 years if they are male and for a further 24.6 years if they are female.
For a member who retires in 2044 at age 65 the assumptions are that they will live on average for a
further 24.2 years after retirement if they are male and for a further 26 years after retirement if they are
female.

Movements in present value of defined contribution unfunded unapproved retirement
benefit scheme obligation

2024 2023

£'000 £'000

At beginning of year 8,279 7,262
Profit and loss expense 1,193 1,369
Benefits paid over the accounting period (862) (352)

" At end of year 8,610 8,279

Other matters

In June 2023, the High Court handed down a decision in the case of Virgin Media Limited v NTL Pension
Trustees Il Limited and others relating to the validity of certain historical pension changes due to the lack
of actuarial confirmation required by law. On 5 June 2025, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP)
announced that the Government will introduce legislation to give pension schemes affected by the Virgin
Media ruling the ability to retrospectively obtain written actuarial confirmation that historic benefit changes
met the necessary standards.

Following the DWP's announcement, the Directors do not expect the Virgin Media ruling to give rise to
any additional liabilities and so the Defined Benefit Obligation has not been adjusted and continues to
reflect the benefits currently being administered.

52


[ Docusign Envelope ID: 50C95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256 106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements

22. Employee benefits (continued)

Share based payments

FRS 102 requires the company to recognise share-based payments as an expense and share-based
payments must be measured in accordance with the standard. Pfizer Limited is part of the Pfizer Inc.
group which operates under the (“Pfizer”) 2019 Stock Plan. Under FRS 102.1.12(d) the company is
exempt from certain disclosures around share based payments as the relevant information is disclosed in
the holding undertaking’s (Pfizer Inc.) consolidated financial statements.

Share-based payments issued by Pfizer Inc. are recognised based on the company's allocation of the
group expense. This allocation is based on an assignment of colleague expenses based on their
employing entity within the group. Pfizer Inc. does not recharge for the cost of the shares issued under
this plan.

The primary types of Pfizer Inc. share based awards are as follows;

Total Shareholder Return Units (TSRUs) which entitle the holder to receive shares of Pfizer Inc.
common stock with a value equal to the difference between the defined settlement price and the
grant price, plus the dividend equivalents accumulated during the five or seven-year term, if and to
the extent the total value is positive. Settlement price is the average closing price of Pfizer Inc.
common stock during the 20 trading days ending on the fifth or seventh anniversary of the grant,
as applicable; the grant price is the closing price of Pfizer Inc. common stock on the date of the
grant. The TSRUs automatically settle on the fifth or seventh anniversary of the grant but vest on
the third anniversary of the grant.

Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) which entitle the holder to receive a specified number of shares of
Pfizer Inc. common stock, including dividend equivalents that are reinvested into additional RSUs.
For RSUs granted before 2022, generally in all instances, the units vest on the third anniversary of
the grant date assuming continuous service from the grant date. Beginning in 2022, generally in all
instances, the units vest and distribute one-third per year for three years on each of the three
annual anniversaries from the date of grant assuming continuous service from the grant date.

Portfolio Performance Shares (PPSs) which entitle the holder to receive, at the end of the
performance period, shares of Pfizer Inc. common stock, if any, including shares resulting from
dividend equivalents earned on such shares. For PPSs granted, the awards vest on the third
anniversary of the grant assuming continuous service from the grant date and the the number of
shares paid, if any, depends on the achievement of predetermined goals related to Pfizer's long-
term product portfolio during a three or five-year performance period from the year of the grant
date, as applicable. The number of shares that may be earned ranges from 0% to 200% of the
initial award depending on goal achievement over the performance period.

Performance Share Awards (PSAs) which entitle the holder to receive, at the end of the
performance period, shares of Pfizer common stock (retirees) earned, if any, or an equal value in
cash (active colleagues), including dividend equivalents on shares earned, dependent upon the
achievement of predetermined goals related to two measures: 1) adjusted net income over three
one-year periods; and 2) TSR as compared to the NYSE ARCA Pharmaceutical Index (DRG
Index) over the three-year performance period. PSAs vest on the third anniversary of the grant
assuming continuous service from the grant date. The award that may be earned ranges from 0%
to 200% of the target award depending on goal achievement over the performance period.

53


Docusign Envelope ID: 5DC95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)

forming part of the financial statements

22. Employee benefits (continued)

Share based payments (continued)

Breakthrough Performance Awards (BPAs) which entitle the holder to receive, at the end of the
performance period, shares of our common stock, if any, including shares resulting from dividend
equivalents earned on such shares. For BPAs granted, the awards, if earned/vested, are settled at
the end of the performance period, but no earlier than the one-year anniversary of the date of
grant and dependent upon the achievement of the respective predetermined performance goals
related to advancing Pfizer’s product pipeline during the performance period. The number of
shares that may be earned ranges from 0% to 600% of the target award depending on the level
and timing of goal achievement over the performance period.

Retirement-eligible holders, as defined in the grant terms, can convert their TSRUs, when vested,
into Profit Units (PTUs) with a conversion ratio based on a calculation used to determine the
shares at TSRU settlement. The PTUs are entitled to earn Dividend Equivalent Units (DEUs), and
the PTUs and DEUs will be settled in Pfizer Inc. common stock on the TSRUs'’ original settlement
date and will be subject to the terms and conditions of the original grant including forfeiture
provisions,

Stock Options which entitle the holder to purchase a specified number of shares of Pfizer Inc.
common stock at a price per share equal to the closing market price of Pfizer Inc. common stock
on the date of grant, for a period of time when vested. Stock options vest on the third anniversary
of the grant assuming continuous service from the grant date and have a contractual term of 10
years.

The terms and conditions of the grants are as follows:

Number of Vesting conditions Contractual life of
Instrument Types options
7 Primarily vest after three years of 10 years

continuous service with exceptions for
certain instruments as described above

23. Called up share capital

2024 2023
£'000 £'000
Allotted, called up and fully paid
Equity: 103,622,463 (2023: 103,622,461) ordinary shares of £1 each 103,622 103,622

Each equity share entitles the holder to one vote per share and the right to any dividend. During the year,
Pfizer Luxco Holdings SARL contributed Seagen UK Limited to the Company in exchange for £2 called up
share capital and £1,203,657 share premium. (2023: zero shares issued).

54


Docusign Envelope ID: S0C95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements

24. Adjustment to prior period balances

During the years ended 30 November 2011 to 30 November 2015, the Company incurred £189m of costs
for certain Research and Development related services which should have been recharged and borne by
another group company. As the costs were not recharged they constituted a deemed distribution by the
Company. Since the Company did not have sufficient distributable profits during the years when costs
were incurred, the Company has sought and received repayment from the group company during 2024
and recognised an amount owed by group undertakings at the start of the comparative period.

Reconciliation of equity as at 1 December 2022:

Called up Capital Profit and
share capital contribution loss account Total
£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000

At 1 December 2022, as previously
reported 103,622 365,001 172,334 640,957
Adjustment to amounts owed by group
undertaking _ _ 188,909 188,909
At 1 December 2022, restated 103,622 365,001 361,243 829,866

Reconciliation of statement of financial position as at 30 November 2023:

Adjustment
to prior
Previously period
reported balances Restated
£'000 £'000 £'000

Current assets
Debtors 964,647 188,909 1,153,556
Net current assets 534,181 188,909 723,090
Total assets less current liabilities 676,146 188,909 865,055
Net assets including pension assets/ liabilities 711,055 188,909 . 899,964
Capital and reserves
Profit and loss account 242,432 188,909 431,341
Shareholder's funds 711,055 188,909 899,964

55


Docusign Envelope 1D: 50C95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements

25. Commitments
Commitments at the end of the financial year, for which no provision has been made, are as follows:

2024 2023
£'000 £'000
Dementia Fund Committed 2,078 2,643

2,078 2,643,

At 30 November 2024 the company had future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating
leases as follows:

2024 2023
Land and Land and
Buildings Buildings

£'000 £'000
Not later than one year 469 156

469 156

26. Related party disclosure

At the reporting date the company’s immediate controlling party was Pfizer Shareholdings Intermediate
SARL, a company incorporated in Luxembourg. The ultimate controlling company is Pfizer Inc., a
company incorporated in the state of Delaware, United States of America.

The company has availed of the exemption in FRS 102.33.1A from the requirement to disclose details of
transactions with group undertakings. Other than transactions with related group undertakings there are
no related party transactions. Details of the availability of the group consolidated financial statements are
given in note 27.

27. Ultimate parent company and parent undertaking of larger group of which
the company is a member

The company’s ultimate parent company and ultimate controlling party is Pfizer Inc., a company
incorporated in the state of Delaware, USA. Pfizer Inc. is the largest group which includes the company
and for which group accounts are prepared. The parent undertaking of the smallest such group is C.P.
Pharmaceuticals International C.V., a company incorporated in the Netherlands. Copies of the group
financial statements of Pfizer Inc. are available from Pfizer Inc., 66 Hudson Boulevard East, New York,
NY10001-2192, USA. Copies of the group financial statements of C.P. Pharmaceuticals International C.V.
are available from Chamber of Commerce, PO Box 450, 3001 AL Rotterdam, The Netherlands. At the
reporting date the company’s immediate controlling party was Pfizer Shareholdings Intermediate SARL, a
company incorporated in Luxembourg.

56


Docusign Envelope ID: 5S0C95D4B-5137-48B8-A8EE-4256106072C8

Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)

forming part of the financial statements

28. Accounting estimates and judgements

The company made judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities that were not readily apparent from other sources in the application of the group's accounting
policies. Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and
other factors that are considered to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from
the estimates.

Useful economic lives of tangible assets

The company depreciates tangible fixed assets over their estimated useful lives after taking into account
their estimated residual values. The estimated useful life reflects management's estimate of the period
that the company intends to derive future economic benefits from the use of the company's tangible fixed
assets. The residual value reflects managements estimated amount that the company would currently
obtain from the disposal of the asset, after deducting the estimated costs of disposal, as if the asset were
already of the age and in condition expected at the end of its useful life. Changes in the expected level of
usage and technological developments could affect the economies, useful lives and the residual values of
these assets which could then consequently impact future depreciation charges.

Pension scheme

Management use assumptions regarding different areas of the defined benefit plan. The cost of defined
benefit pension plan is determined using actuarial valuations. The actuarial valuation involves making
assumptions about discount rates, price inflation, future pension increases and mortality rates. Due to the
complexity of the valuation, the underlying assumptions and long term nature of these plans, such
estimates are subject to significant uncertainty. Management perform an internal review on these
assumptions. Further details are given in note 22. A valuation is performed annually by a qualified actuary
using the projected unit credit method. Under FRS 102, the company can recognise a surplus on the
balance sheet as the employer has an unconditional right to a refund of any surplus based on a legal
review of the scheme rules.

29. Contingent liability

There are various cases of litigation pending against the company in the normal course of business.

Except for the litigation below, further disclosures have not been made in relation to such matters on the
grounds that it can be expected to prejudice seriously the position of the company. The estimated
financial impact of all material litigation that meets provision recognition requirements has been provided
for in the financial statements.

In September 2022, ModernaTX, Inc. (“ModernaTX’) filed a patent infringement action in the UK High
Court against the company and certain Pfizer Inc. group companies (“Pfizer”), as well as BioNTech and
certain subsidiary companies (“BioNTech”), alleging that Comirnaty infringes two European patents. In its
complaints, ModernaTX stated that it was seeking damages for alleged infringement occurring after
March 7, 2022. Pfizer and BioNTech have brought an action against ModernaTX seeking to revoke these
European patents, which was consolidated with the September 2022 action filed by ModernaTX.


Pfizer Limited

Notes (continued)
forming part of the financial statements

29. Contingent liability (continued)

In July 2024, the UK High Court found one of the patents to be valid. Pfizer/BioNTech were granted
permission to appeal this adverse decision and the appeal hearing was heard on 10 and 11 July 2025. On
1 August 2025, the UK Court of Appeal dismissed Pfizer/BioNTech's appeal such that the Moderna patent
is maintained. Pfizer/BioNTech have applied for permission to appeal from the Court of Appeal. The other
patent was held to be invalid. The Court has interpreted Moderna’s patent pledge to allow Moderna to
seek damages from Pfizer and BioNTech from 7 March 2022. Detailed assessment of any costs and
damages have been stayed pending final determination of all appeals. As at the reporting date, it was not
practicable to reliably estimate the financial impact of this matter.

30. Subsequent events

On 23 January 2025, the company declared and paid a dividend of £595,671,000 to its sole shareholder
Pfizer Shareholdings Intermediate SARL.

On 3 July 2025, the Company signed a merger deed relating to the merger of the Monsanto Pension Plan
into the Pfizer Group Pension scheme. The Merger deed was also signed by the trustees of each pension
scheme/plan and by Pharmacia Limited, a fellow group company, in its capacity as principal employer of
the Monsanto Pension Plan. The effective date for the transfer is 1 August 2025.

58

The attached Pfizer Inc. Form 10-K are GROUP Accounts to be
filed with:

Pfizer Limited

Company number: 00526209

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
a < ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023
o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from to
wnission 1619
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware 13-5315170
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (L.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
66 Hudson Boulevard East, New York, New York 10001-2192
(Address of principal executive offices) (zip code)
(212) 733-2323
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, $0.05 par value PFE New York Stock Exchange
1.000% Notes due 2027 PFE27 New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ® No O
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No ®

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes &NoO
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405-
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files.) Yes @ No O

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth compan
See the definitions of “large accelerated filer," ‘accelerated filer’, “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company’ in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large Accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 0 Smaller reporting company C1 Emerging growth company

Ifan emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. D

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its intemal control over financial reporti
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ©

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
an error to previously issued financial statements. C)

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registra
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). 0)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 0. No &

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price as of the last business day of the registrant's mc
recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately $207 billion. This excludes shares of common stock held by directors and executive officers. Exclusion of shares held
any person should not be construed to indicate that such person possesses the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the
registrant, or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant. The registrant has no non-voting common stock.

‘The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's common stock as of February 15, 2024 was 5,646,778,425 shares of common stock, all of one class.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE,
Portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Part Ill


Defined Terms
Available Information
Forward-Looking Information and Factors that May Affect Future Results
PARTI
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
About Pfizer
Commercial Operations
Research and Development
Collaboration and Co-Promotion Agreements,
International Operations
Sales and Marketing
Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights
Competition
Pricing Pressures and Managed Care Organizations
Raw Materials
mnment Re mn Pr
Environmental Matters
‘Our People
ITEM 1A, RISK FACTORS
ITEM 18, UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY

ITEM TI
iT OCEEDI

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS.
PARTI
TEM _5. MARKET FOR THE COMPANY'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
ITEM 6, [RESERVED]
ITEM 7, MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
{TEM JANTITATIVE ANE JALITATIVE Dis IRE MARKET Ri
Fi [AL ST/ (TS

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
ITEM 9A, CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
ITEM 98, OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
PART Ill
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
ITEM 11, EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
ITEM 12, SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
ITEM 14, PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES
PARTIV
ITEM 15, EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

15{a)(1) Financial Statements

1S{a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules

15(a)(3) Exhibits
ITEM 16, FORM 10-K SUMMARY
SIGNATURES
NIA= Not Applicable

Pag


DEFINED TERMS

Unless the context requires otherwise, references to “Pfizer,” “the Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” in this Form 10-K (defined below) refer to Pfizer Inc. and its subsidiaries. For each
year presented, Pfizer's fiscal year-end for subsidiaries operating outside the U.S. is as of and for the year ended November 30 and for U.S. subsidiaries is as of and for the year

ended December 31. References to “Notes” in this Form 10-K are to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements in tem 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data it
this Form 10-K. We also have used several other terms in this Form 10-K, most of which are explained or defined below:

[Form 10-K This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023

12022 Form 10-K ‘Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022

[Proxy Statement Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeling of Shareholders, which willbe filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2023

|ABO Accumulated benefit obligation; represents the present value of the benefit obligation earned through the end of the year but does not factor in
future compensation increases

|ACIP Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices

[ADC Antibody-Drug Conjugate

[Alexion Alexion Pharma International Operations Limited, a subsidiary of AstraZeneca PLC

[ALK ‘anaplastic lymphoma kinase

lAliance revenues Revenues from alliance agreements under which we co-promote products discovered or developed by other companies or us

larena
Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

laray Array BioPharma Inc.

\Arvinas Arvinas, Inc.

Astellas Astellas Pharma Inc., Astellas US LLC and Astellas Pharma US, Inc.

|ATTR-CM transthyretin amyloid cardiomyopathy

[Beam
Beam Therapeutics Inc.

[Biohaven Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Company Limited

[BioNTech BioNTech SE

|Biopharma Global Biopharmaceuticals Business

Blackstone Blackstone Life Sciences

|BLA Biologics License Application

|aMS Bristol-Myers Squibb Company

|BOD Board of Directors

coc U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention

come
current Good Manufacturing Practices

CGRP calcitonin gene-related peptide

cms
Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services

Comimaty*
Unless otherwise noted, refers to, as applicable, and as authorized or approved, the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine, the Pfizer-BioNTech
COVID-19 Vaccine, Bivalent (Original and Omicron BA.4/BA.5), Comimaty (COVID-19 Vaccine, MRNA, 2023-2024 Formula), the Pfizer-BioNTe
COVID-19 Vaccine (2023-2024 Formula), Comimaty Original/Omicron BA.1, Comirnaty Original/Omicron BA.4/BA.5 and Comirnaty XBB.1.5.

[Consumer Healthcare JV GSK Consumer Healthcare JV

[coviD-19 novel coronavirus disease of 2019

DEA U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency

[Developed Europe Includes the following markets: Western Europe, Scandinavian countries and Finland

|\Developed Markets Includes the following markets: U.S., Developed Europe and Developed Rest of World

Developed Rest of World Includes the following markets: Japan, Canada, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand

EC European Commission

EMA European Medicines Agency

lEmerging Markets Includes, but is not imited to, the following markets: Asia (excluding Japan and South Korea), Latin America, Eastern Europe, Central Europe, tl
Middle East, Africa and Turkey

EPS. ‘earnings per share

|ESG
Environmental, Social and Governance

ESOP ‘employee stock ownership plan

lev European Union

[EVA ‘emergency use authorization

lExchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended

|FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board

|FCPA U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act

|FDA U.S. Food and Drug Administration

|FFOCA U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act

GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles


(car

Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc.

GOFV grant-date fair value

Genmab Genmab A/S

GPO Global Product Development organization

lesK GSK pic

[Haleon Haleon plc

HHS U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
[HIPAA Health insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996
|Hospira Hospira, Inc.

PRED in-process research and development

HRA Inflation Reduction Act of 2022

IRC internal Revenue Code

IRS U.S. internal Revenue Service

ir information technology

joint venture

King Pharmaceuticals LLC (formerly King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.)

London interbank Offered Rate

loss of exclusivity

‘managed care organization

metastatic colorectal cancer

metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer

metastatic castration-sensitive prostate cancer

‘Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

‘Multi-District Litigation

‘Medivation LLC (formerly Medivation, Inc.)

‘Meridian Medical Technologies, Inc.

‘Moody's Investors Service

messenger ribonucleic acid

‘Manufacturing Supply Agreement

Mylan N.V.

‘a pre-existing strategic collaboration between Pfizer and Mylan for generic drugs in Japan that terminated on December 21, 2020

net asset value

‘new drug application

‘NimbusTherapeutics, LLC

‘non-metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer

‘non-metastatic castration-sensitive prostate cancer

‘non-small cell lung cancer

‘New York Stock Exchange

oral disintegrating tablet

‘Ono Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

‘OPKO Health, Inc.

‘Oncology Research and Development

‘over-the-counter

an oral COVID-19 treatment (nirmatrelvir tablets and ritonavir tablets)

pharmacy benefit manager

ion earned through the end of the year and factors in future

Projected benefit obligation; represents the present value of the benefit obi
compensation increases

Pct Piizer GentreOne
PGs Pfizer Global Supply
Pharmacia Pharmacia LUG (formerly Pharmacia Corporation)
PIE Pfizer Investment Enterprises Pte, Ltd. (a wholly-owned finance subsidiary of Pfizer)
PPaE Property, plant and equipment
Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee
PRAC
PRO Pfizer Research and Development
[Prevnar family Includes Prevnar 20/Apexxnar (pediatric and adult) and Prevnar 13/Prevenar 13 (pediatric and adult)
Psa psoriatic arthritis
lace {quality consistency evaluation
[RA theumatoid arthritis

2023 Form 10-K

renal cell carcinoma

research and development

ReViral Ltd.

Tight of use

respiratory syncytial virus

‘Standard & Poor's

‘Seagen Inc. and its subsidiaries

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
selling, informational and administrative
‘Sumitomo Pharma America, Inc.

Takeda Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act or TCJA Legislation commonly referred to as the US. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017

Trillium Therapeutics ULC (formerly Trillium Therapeutics Inc.)
transition service arrangements

ulcerative colitis

United Kingdom

Upjohn Business Pfizer's former global, primarily off-patent branded and generics business, which included a portfolio of 20 globally recognized solid oral dose
brands, including Lipitor, Lyrica, Norvasc, Celebrex and Viagra, as well as a U.S.-based generics platform, Greenstone, that was spun-off on
November 16, 2020 and combined with Mylan to create Viatris

US. United States

\Vaineva Vaineva SE

volume-based procurement
Viatris Viatris Inc.

viv Viiv Healthcare Limited
\Vyndagel family

Includes Vyndagel, Vyndamax and Vynmac.
WROM Worldwide Research, Development and Medical
lwro World Trade Organization

Wyeth Wyeth LLC (formerly Wyeth)

* The Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (2023-2024 Formula) and certain uses of Paxlovid have not been approved or licensed by the FDA. The Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (2023-2024 Form
has been authorized for emergency use by the FDA under an EUA to prevent COVID-19 in individuals aged 6 months through 11 years of age. Paxlovid has been authorized for emergency use by the |
under an EUA for the treatment of mild-to-moderate COVID-19 in pediatric patients (12 years of age and older weighing at least 40 kg) who are at high risk for progression to severe COVID-19, includin
hospitalization or death. The emergency uses are only authorized for the duration of the declaration that circumstances exist justifying the authorization of emergency use of the medical product during
‘COVID-19 pandemic under Section $64(b)(1) of the FFDCA, unless the deciaration is terminated or authorization revoked sooner. Please see the EUA Fact Sheets at www.covidtorairx.com and
www.evdvaccine-us.com.

‘This Form 10-K includes discussion of certain clinical studies relating to various in-line products and/or product candidates. These studies typically are part of a larger body of clin
data relating to such products or product candidates, and the discussion herein should be considered in the context of the larger body of data. In addition, clinical trial data are
subject to differing interpretations, and, even when we view data as sufficient to support the safety and/or efficacy of a product candidate or a new indication for an in-line product,
regulatory authorities may not share our views and may require additional data or may deny approval altogether.

‘Some amounts in this Form 10-K may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts. All trademarks mentioned are the property of the
owners.

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

Our website is www-pfizer.com. This Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and our proxy statements, and amendments to those rep
filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are, or will be, available (free of charge) on our website, in text format and, where applicable, in interactiv
data file format, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file this material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.

Throughout this Form 10-K, we “incorporate by reference* certain information from other documents filed or to be filed with the SEC, including our Proxy Statement. Please refer t
this information. This Form 10-K will be available on our website on or about February 22, 2024. Our Proxy Statement will be available on our website on or about March 14, 2024
‘Our 2023 Impact Report, which provides enhanced ESG disclosures, will be available on our website on or about March 14, 2024. We also have a Pfizer Investor Insights website
which includes articles on the company, its products and its pipeline, located at insights.pfizer.com. information in our 2023 Impact Report and on the Pfizer Investor Insights webt
are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K.

We may use our website as a means of disclosing material information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure promulgated by the SE
These disclosures are included on our website in the "About—Investors” or “Newsroom” sections. Accordingly, investors should monitor these portions of our website, in addition

following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls and webcasts, as well as our social media channels (our Facebook page. Instagram account (@Pfizerinc), YouT:
page, LinkedIn page, and X (formerly known as Twitter) accounts (@Pfizer and @Pfizer_News)). The information contained on our website, our Facebook, Instagram, YouTube al
Linkedin pages or our X accounts, or any third-party website, is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K.

Information relating to corporate governance at Pfizer, including our Corporate Govemance Principles; Director Qualification Standards; Pfizer Policies on Business Conduct (for ¢
of our employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer); Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Members of the Board
Directors; information concerning our Directors; ways to

2023 Form 10-K


‘communicate by e-mail with our Directors; information concerning our Board Committees; Committee Charters; Charter of the Lead Independent Director; and transactions in Pfiz
securities by Directors and Officers are available on our website. We will provide any of the foregoing information without charge upon written request to our Corporate Secretary,
Pfizer Inc, 66 Hudson Boulevard East, New York, NY 10001-2192. We will disclose any future amendments to, or waivers fram, provisions of the Pfizer Policies on Business
Conduct affecting our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and executive officers on our website as promptly as practicable, as may be
required under applicable SEC and NYSE rules. Information relating to shareholder services, including the Computershare Investment Program, book-entry share ownership and
direct deposit of dividends, is also available on our website.

2023 Form 10-K


FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION AND FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS

This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. We also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public, as well as public oral statements. Gi
their forward-looking nature, these statements involve substantial risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions.

We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as “will,” “may,” “could,” “likely,” “ongoing," “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “project,” “intend,”
“plan,” “believe,” “assume,” “target,” “forecast,” “guidance,” “goal,” “objective,” “aim,” “seek,” “potential,” “hope” and other words and terms of similar meaning or by using future da

We include forward-looking information in our discussion of the following, among other topics:
+ our anticipated operating and financial performance, including financial guidance and projections;
+ reorganizations, business plans, strategy, goals and prospects;

= expectations for our product pipeline, in-line products and product candidates, including anticipated regulatory submissions, data read-outs, study starts, approvals, launches,
clinical trial results and other developing data; revenue contribution and projections; potential pricing and reimbursement; potential market dynamics, including patient demand,
market size and utilization rates; and growth, performance, timing of exclusivity and potential benefits;

+ strategic reviews, capital allocation objectives, dividends and share repurchases;
+ plans for and prospects of our acquisitions, dispositions and other business development activities, and our ability to successfully capitalize on growth opportunities and prospe
+ sales, expenses, interest rates, foreign exchange rates and the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings;

+ expectations regarding the impact of or changes to existing or new government regulations or laws;
+ our abilty to anticipate and respond to and our expectations regarding the impact of macroeconomic, geopolitical, health and industry trends, pandemics, acts of war and other
large-scale crises; and
+ manufacturing and product supply.
In particular, forward-looking information in this Form 10-K includes statements relating to specific future actions, performance and effects, including, among others, the expected
benefits of the organizational changes to our operations; our anticipated operating and financial performance; our ongoing efforts to respond to COVID-19, including our plans anc
expectations regarding Comimaty and Paxlovid, and any potential future vaccines or treatments, including anticipated revenue and expectations for the commercial market for
‘Comimaty and Paxlovid; our expectations regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our business; expected patent terms; the expected impact of patent expiries and generic and
biosimilar competition; the expected pricing pressures on our products and the anticipated impact to our business; the benefits expected from our business development
transactions, including our December 2023 acquisition of Seagen; our anticipated liquidity position; the anticipated costs, savings and potential benefits from certain of our initiativ
including our enterprise-wide Realigning our Cost Base program, which we launched in October 2023, and our Transforming to a More Focused Company program; our expectati
regarding the impact from the 2023 tornado on our manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, NC; our greenhouse gas emission reduction goals; our planned capital spending; and o!
capital allocation framework.
Given their nature, we cannot assure that any outcome expressed in these forward-looking statements will be realized in whole or in part. Actual outcomes may vary materially fro.
past results and those anticipated, estimated, implied or projected. These forward-looking statements may be affected by underlying assumptions that may prove inaccurate or
incomplete, or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties, including those described in this section, in the Jtem 14, Risk Factors section or in MD&A.
Therefore, you are cautioned not to unduly rely on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update forward-
looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable securities law. You are advised, however, to consult any
further disclosures we make on related subjects.
‘Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ are identified below, as well as those discussed in the /tem 14. Risk Factors section and within MD&A. We note these
factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The occurrence of any of the risks identified below, in the /tem 1A. Risk Factors section, «
within MD&A, or other risks currently unknown, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, or we may be required to increas
our accruals for contingencies. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potent
risks or uncertainties:

Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations. and Business Development:

+ the outcome of R&D activities, including the ability to meet anticipated pre-clinical or clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our pre-clinical or
clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, and/or regulatory approval and/or launch dates; the possibility of unfavorable pre-clinical and clinical trial results, including
the possibility of unfavorable new pre-clinical or clinical data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical or cfinical data; risks associated with preliminary, early stage or
interim data; the risk that pre-clinical and clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process,
in the scientific community generally, and by regulatory authorities; and whether and when additional data from our pipeline programs will be published in scientific
journal publications, and if so, when and with what modifications and interpretations;

* our ability to successfully address comments received from regulatory authorities such as the FDA or the EMA, or obtain approval for new products and indications from
regulators on a timely basis or at all;

+ regulatory decisions impacting labeling, including the scope of indicated patient populations, product dosage, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters,
including decisions relating to emerging developments regarding potential product impurities; uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain, and the scope of,
recommendations by technical or advisory committees, and the timing of, and ability to obtain, pricing approvals and product launches, all of which could impact the
availability or commercial potential of our products and product candidates;

+ claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety or efficacy of in-line products and product candidates, including claims and concems that may arise from the
‘outcome of post-approval clinical trials, which could impact marketing approval, product labeling, and/or availability or commercial potential;

2023 Form 10-K


+ the success and impact of external business development activities, such as the recent acquisition of Seagen, including the ability to identify and execute on potential
business development opportunities; the ability to satisfy the conditions to closing of announced transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all; the ability to realize
the anticipated benefits of any such transactions in the anticipated time frame or at all; the potential need for and impact of additional equity or debt financing to pursue
these opportunities, which has in the past and could in the future result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings and could limit our ability to obtain
future financing; challenges integrating the businesses and operations; disruption to business and operations relationships; risks related to growing revenues for certain
acquired or partnered products; significant transaction costs; and unknown liabilities;

+ competition, including from new product entrants, in-line branded products, generic products, private label products, biosimilars and product candidates that treat or
prevent diseases and conditions similar to those treated or intended to be prevented by our in-line products and product candidates;

+ the ability to successfully market both new and existing products, including biosimitars;

+ difficulties or delays in manufacturing, sales or marketing; supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs at our facilities or third-party facilities that we rely on; and legal or
regulatory actions;

+ the impact of public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics (such as COVID-19) on our business, operations and financial condition and results, including impacts
‘on our employees, manufacturing, supply chain, sales and marketing, R&D and clinical trials;

+ risks and uncertainties related to our efforts to continue to develop and commercialize Comimaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines, treatments or
combinations, as well as challenges related to their manufacturing, supply and distribution, including, among others, the risk that as the market for COVID-19 products
continues to become more endemic and seasonal, demand for our COVID-19 products has and may continue to be reduced or not meet expectations, or may no longer
exist, which has and may continue to lead to reduced revenues, excess inventory on-hand and/or in the channel which, for Paxlovid and Comimaty, resulted in
significant inventory write-offs in 2023 and could continue to result in inventory write-offs, or other unanticipated charges; challenges related to the transition to the
‘commercial market for our COVID-19 products; uncertainties related to the public's adherence to vaccines, boosters, treatments or combinations; and risks related to
our ability to accurately predict or achieve our revenue forecasts for Comisnaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines or treatments;

+ trends toward managed care and healthcare cost containment, and our ability to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or favorable formulary placement for our
products;

+ interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including the impact of currency devaluations and monetary policy actions in countries experiencing high
inflation or deflation rates;

+ any significant issues involving our largest wholesale distributors or government customers, which account for a substantial portion of our revenues;

+ the impact of the increased presence of counterfeit medicines, vaccines or other products in the pharmaceutical supply chain;

+ any significant issues related to the outsourcing of certain operational and staff functions to third parties;

+ any significant issues related to our JVs and other third-party business arrangements, including modifications related to supply agreements or other contracts with
customers including governments or other payors;

* uncertainties related to general economic, political, business, industry, regulatory and market conditions including, without limitation, uncertainties related to the impact
on us, our customers, suppliers and lenders and counterparties to our foreign-exchange and interest-rate agreements of challenging global economic conditions, such
as inflation or interest rate fluctuations, and recent and possible future changes in global financial markets;

+ the exposure of our operations globally to possible capital and exchange controls, economic conditions, expropriation, sanctions and/or other restrictive government
actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections and remedies, unstable governments and legal systems and inter-governmental disputes;

the impact of disruptions related to climate change and natural disasters, including uncertainties related to the impact of the tornado at our manufacturing facility in
Rocky Mount, NC in 2023;

+ any changes in business, political and economic conditions due to actual or threatened terrorist activity, geopolitical instability, political or civil unrest or military action,
including the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and the resulting economic or other consequences;

the impact of product recalls, withdrawals and other unusual items, including uncertainties related to regulator-directed risk evaluations and assessments, including our
‘ongoing evaluation of our product portfolio for the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines;

trade buying patterns;

the risk of an impairment charge related to our intangible assets, goodwill or equity-method investments;

the impact of, and risks and uncertainties related to, restructurings and internal reorganizations, as well as any other corporate strategic initiatives and growth strategies,
and cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, each of which requires upfront costs but may fail to yield anticipated benefits and may result in unexpected costs,
organizational disruption, adverse effects on employee morale, retention issues or other unintended consequences;

+ the ability to successfully achieve our climate goals and progress our environmental sustainability and other ESG priorities;

Risks Related to Government Regulation and Legal Proceedings;

+ the impact of any U.S. healthcare reform or legislation or any significant spending reduction or cost control efforts affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded
or subsidized health programs, including the IRA, or changes in the tax treatment of employer-sponsored health insurance that may be implemented;

+ USS. federal or state legislation or regulatory action andlor policy efforts affecting, among other things, pharmaceutical product pricing, intellectual property,
reimbursement or access or restrictions on U.S. direct-to-consumer advertising; limitations on

Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K


interactions with healthcare professionals and other industry stakeholders; as well as pricing pressures for our products as a result of highly competitive
biopharmaceutical markets;

+ legistation or regulatory action in markets outside of the U.S., such as China or Europe, including, without limitation, laws related to pharmaceutical product pricing,
intellectual property, médical regulation, environmental protections, reimbursement or access, including, in particular, continued government-mandated reductions in
prices and access resttictions for certain biopharmaceutical products to control costs in those markets;

+ legal defense costs, insurance expenses, settlement costs and contingencies, including without limitation, those related to actual or alleged environmental
contamination;

+ the risk and impact of an adverse decision or settlement and risk related to the adequacy of reserves related to legal proceedings;

+ the risk and impact of tax related litigation and investigations;

+ governmental laws and regulations affecting our operations, including, without limitation, the IRA, changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, including,
‘among others, changes in tax laws and regulations internationally and in the U.S., the adoption of global minimum taxation requirements outside the U.S. generally
effective in most jurisdictions since January 1, 2024 and potential changes to existing tax law by the current U.S. Presidential administration and Congress, including the
proposed “Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act of 2024”;

Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Technology and Security:

+ any significant breakdown or interruption of our IT systems and infrastructure (including cloud services);

+ any business disruption, theft of confidential or proprietary information, security threats on facilities or infrastructure, extortion or integrity compromise resulting from a
cyber-attack or other malfeasance by, but not limited to, nation states, employees, business partners or others;

+ risks and challenges related to the use of artificial intelligence-based software;

«the risk that our currently pending or future patent applications may not be granted on a timely basis or at all, or any patent-term extensions that we seek may not be
granted on a timely basis, if at all; and

+ risks to our products, patents and other intellectual property, such as: (i) claims of invalidity that could result in LOE; (ji) claims of patent infringement, including asserted and/or
unasserted intellectual property claims; (ii) claims we may assert against intellectual property rights held by third parties; (iv) challenges faced by our collaboration or licensing
partners to the validity of their patent rights; or (v) any pressure, or legal or regulatory action by, various stakeholders or governments that could potentially result in us not seek
intellectual property protection or agreeing not to enforce or being restricted from enforcing intellectual property rights related to our products, including Comirnaty and Paxlovid

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

@Phizer

ABOUT PFIZER

Pfizer Inc. is a research-based, global biopharmaceutical company. We apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve
their lives through the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical products worldwide. We work across developed and emerging
markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. We collaborate with healthcare providers, governments and
local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable healthcare around the world, The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on
June 2, 1942,
Most of our revenues come from the manufacture and sale of biopharmaceutical products. We also sell products for the detection of certain illnesses and provide end-to-end R&C
services to select innovative biotech companies. We believe that our medicines and vaccines provide significant value for healthcare providers and patients through improved
treatment of diseases and improvements in health, wellness and productivity as well as by reducing other healthcare costs, such as emergency room visits or hospitalizations. We
seek to enhance the value of our medicines and vaccines and actively engage in dialogues about how we can best work with patients, physicians and payors to prevent and treat
disease and improve outcomes. We seek to maximize patient access and evaluate our pricing arrangements and contracting methods with payors to minimize adverse impact on
our revenues within the current legal and pricing structures.
We are committed to fulfiling our purpose: Breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. Our purpose fuels everything we do and reflects both our passion for science and our
commitment to patients. Our core business principles are:

1. Trust is Everything

2. Science Will Win

3. Disruption Calls for Innovation

4, Time is Life

5. Execution Makes the Difference.

In addition, Pfizer's ESG strategy, which is integrated into our corporate strategy, focuses on six areas where we see opportunities to create a meaningful impact: product innovati
equitable access and pricing; product quality and safety; diversity, equity and inclusion; climate change; and business ethics.

We are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing produets, but alsc
through various business development activities. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportuniti
and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our

2023 Form 10-K


capabilities. We assess our business, assets and scientific capabilties/portfolio as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also continue to consider business
development activities that will help advance our business strategy.

On December 14, 2023, we completed our acquisition of Seagen, a global biotechnology company that discovers, develops and commercializes transformative cancer medicines.
the addition of Seagen’s pipeline and its four in-line medicines (Padcev, Adcetris, Tukysa and Tivdak), Pfizer's oncology portfolio spans multiple modalities, including ADCs,
‘small molecules, bispecifics and other immunotherapies. In addition to the acquisition of Seagen, our significant recent business development activities in 2023 include, among
others, the September 2023 divestiture of our early-stage rare disease gene therapy portfolio to Alexion. For a further discussion of our strategy and our business development

initiatives, see the Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Outlook section within MD&A and Note 2.
COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS

In 2023, we managed our commercial operations through a global structure consisting of two operating segments, each led by a single manager: Biopharma, our innovative scien
based biopharmaceutical business, and Business Innovation, an operating segment established in the first quarter of 2023 that includes PC1, our contract development and
manufacturing organization and a leading supplier of specialty active pharmaceutical ingredients, and Pfizer Ignite, an offering that provides strategic guidance and end-to-end R&
services to select innovative biotech companies that align with our R&D focus areas. In 2023, Biopharma was the only reportable segment. The commercial structure within
Biopharma included three broad customer groups in 2023: Primary Care, Specialty Care and Oncology.

At the beginning of 2024, we made changes in our commercial organization to incorporate Seagen and improve focus, speed and execution. Specifically, within our Biopharma
reportable segment we created the Pfizer Oncology Division, the Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division, and the Pfizer international Commercial Division:

Division Description
! ‘Combines the U.S. Oncology commercial organizations, global Oncology marketing organizations and global and U.S. Oncology medical affairs from b
inal Oncology Division Pfizer and Seagen. Includes innovative oncology product portfolio of ADCs, small molecules, bispecifics and other immunotherapies that treat a wide

' range of cancers including certain types of breast cancer, genitourinary cancer and hematologic malignancies, as well as certain types of melanoma,

i ‘gastrointestinal, gynecological and thoracic cancers, which includes lung cancer.

Pfizer U.S. Commercial “Includes the U.S. Primary Care and U.S. Specialty Care customer groups, the Chief Marketing Office, the Global Chief Medical Affairs Office and
‘pivision ‘Global Access & Value.

+ ‘U.S. Primary Care includes:
1+ Internal medicine product portfolio of brands in cardiovascular metabolic, bone graft for spinal fusion and women's health, as well as post-LOE
brands.
\
+ Migraine product portfolio.

+ Vaccines product portfolio across all ages with a pipeline focus on infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need, including COVID-19.

‘+ Treatment for COVID-19.

'+ Products for detection of COVID-19 and influenza,
‘USS. Specialty Care includes:
i)

{* Inflammation & immunology product portato of brands and biosimilars for chronic immune and inflammatory diseases.

'. Rare disease product portolio of brands for a number of therapeutic areas wih rare diseases, including amyloidosis, hemophilia, endocrine disease
| and sickle cell disease.

+ Hospital product portfolio of sterile injectable and immunoglobulin medicines.

‘Pfizer international Commercial ‘Includes the ex-U.S, commercial and medical affairs organizations covering Pfizer's entire product portfolio in all intern
vi E

Select products within Oncology, Primary Care and Specialty Care include:
+ Oncology: Ibrance, Xtandi, Inlyta, Bosulif, Lorbrena, Braftovi, Mektovi, Padcev, Adcetris, Talzenna, Tukysa, Elrexfio and Tivdak
+ Primary Care:
* Internal medicine: Eliquis, the Premarin family and BMP2
+ Migraine: Nurtec ODT/Vydura and Zavzpret
* Vaccines: Comirnaty, the Prevnar family, Abrysvo, FSME/IMMUN-TicoVac, Nimenrix and Trumenba
* Treatment for COVID-19: Paxlovid
* Detection of COVID-19 and influenza: Lucira by Pfizer
+ Specialty Care:
+ Inflammation & immunology: Xeljanz, Enbrel (outside the U.S. and Canada), Inflectra, Cibingo, Litfulo and Velsipity
« Rare disease: the Vyndagel family, Genotropin, BeneFIX, Oxbryta, Somavert and Ngenla
* Hospital: Sulperazon, Zavicefta, Zithromax, Medrol and Panzyga
For additional information on our operating segments and products, including product revenues, see Note 17, and for additional information on the key operational revenue drivers

our business, see the Analysis of the Consolidated Statements of Income section within MD&A. For a discussion of the risks associated with our dependence on certain of our mz

products, see the tem 1A. Risk Factors—Concentration section.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

R&D is at the heart of fulfiling our purpose to deliver breakthroughs that change patients’ lives as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the medicines and
vaccines that may be the most impactful for patients. In addition to discovering and developing new products, our R&D efforts seek to add value to our existing products by
improving their safety, efficacy and ease of dosing and by discovering potential new indications.

2023 Form 10-K


Our R&D Priorities and Strategy. Our R&D priorities include:
+ delivering a pipeline of highly differentiated medicines and vaccines where we have a unique opportunity to bring the most important new therapies to patients in need;
+ advancing our capabilities that can position us for long-term R&D leadership; and

+ advancing new models for partnerships with creativity, flexibility and urgency to deliver innovation to patients as quickly as possible.

To that end, our R&D primarily focuses on our main therapeutic areas, which are inflammation and immunology, internal medicine, oncology, rare diseases, vaccines, and anti-
infectives.

While a significant portion of our R&D is internal, we also seek promising chemical and biological lead molecules and innovative technologies developed by others to incorporate i
our discovery and development processes or projects, as well as our portfolio. We do so by entering into collaboration, alliance and license agreements with universities,
biotechnology companies and other firms as well as through acquisitions and investments. These collaboration, alliance and license agreements and investments allow us to shar
knowledge, risk and cost. They also enable us to access external scientific and technological expertise, as well as provide us the opportunity to advance our own products and in-
licensed or acquired products. For information on certain of these collaborations, alliances and license arrangements and investments, see Note 2.

Our R&D Operations. In 2023, we continued to strengthen our global R&D operations and pursue strategies to improve R&D productivity to achieve a sustainable pipeline that is
positioned to deliver value in the near term and over time. Our R&D activity is conducted through various platform functions that support our global operations. Beginning in July
2023, in consideration of planned future investments in oncology, including the December 2023 acquisition of Seagen, we reorganized our R&D platform operations. Discovery to
late-phase clinical development for oncology is performed by a new end-to-end Oncology Research and Development (ORD) organization and discovery to late-phase clinical
development for all remaining therapeutic areas is consolidated into the end-to-end Pfizer Research and Development (PRD) organization. ORD and PRD replace our former
WROM and GPD organizations, where, prior to July 2023, research units within WRDM were generally responsible for research and early-stage development assets and, prior to
July 2023, GPD was generally responsible for the clinical development strategy and operational execution of clinical trials for both early- and late-stage clinical assets in Pfizer's
jipeline. In 2023, Biopharma received R&D services from ORD, PRD and the predecessor WRDM and GPD organizations. These services included IPR&D projects for new
investigational products and additional indications for in-line products.

We manage R&D operations on a total-company basis through our PRD and ORD organizations described above. Specifically, the Portfolio Management Team, currently led by 0
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and composed of other senior executives, is accountable for aligning resources across PRD and ORD, and for helping to ensure optimal
capital allocation across the innovative R&D portfolio. We believe that this approach also serves to maximize accountability and flexibility.

We do not disaggregate total R&D expense by development phase or by therapeutic area since, as described above, we do not manage all of our R&D operations by developmer
phase or by therapeutic area. Further, as we are able to adjust a significant portion of our spending quickly, we believe that any prior-period information about R&D expense by
development phase or by therapeutic area would not necessarily be representative of future spending.

For additional information on our R&D operations, including R&D related costs and expenses, see the Costs and Expenses—Research and Development Expenses section withir
MDBA and Note 17.

Our R&D Pipeline. The process of drug and biological product discovery from initiation through development and to potential regulatory approval is lengthy and can take more tha
ten years. As of January 30, 2024, we had the following number of projects in various stages of R&D:

Discovery

Projects

112

Experimental products Te Randomived wials to Applications fled with
tested for firs timein ones, vest results of earlier appropriate rogulatory
human cinical trials {tials on larger

populations to anal

risks and benefits

Development of a single compound is often pursued as part of multiple programs. While our product candidates may or may not receive regulatory approval, new candidates,
entering clinical development phases are the foundation for future products. Information concerning several of our drug and vaccine candidates in development, as well as
supplemental filings for existing products, is set forth in the Product Developments section within MD&A. The discovery and development of drugs, vaccines and biological produc
are time consuming, costly and unpredictable. For information on the risks associated with R&D, see the /tem 1A. Risk Factors—Research and Development section.

COLLABORATION AND CO-PROMOTION AGREEMENTS

We use collaboration and/or co-promotion arrangements to enhance our development, R&D, sales and distribution of certain biopharmaceutical products, which include, among

others, the following:

+ Comiraty is an mRNA-based coronavirus vaccine to help prevent COVID-19, which is being jointly developed and commercialized with BioNTech. Pfizer and BioNTech equall
share the costs of development for the Comirnaty program. Comimnaty has been granted an approval or an authorization in many countries around the world in populations van,
by country. We also share gross profits equally from commercialization of Comimaty and are working jointly with BioNTech in our respective territories to commercialize the
vaccine worldwide (excluding China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan), subject to regulatory authorizations or approvals market by market. For discussion on Comirnaly, see the
Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Qutlook—COVID-19 section within MD&A.

+ Eliquis (apixaban) is part of the Novel Oral Anticoagulant market and was jointly developed and commercialized with BMS as an alternative treatment option to warfarin in
appropriate patients. We fund between 50% and 60% of all development costs depending on the study, and profits and losses are shared equally except in certain countries
where we commercialize Eliquis and pay a percentage of net sales to BMS. In

Pfizer Inc.) 2023 Form 10-K


certain smaller markets we have full commercialization rights and BMS supplies the product to us at cost plus a percentage of the net sales to end-customers.

+ Xtandi (enzalutamide) is an androgen receptor inhibitor that blocks multiple steps in the androgen receptor signaling pathway within tumor cells that is being developed and
commercialized in collaboration with Astellas. We share equally in the gross profits and losses related to U.S. net sales and also share equally all Xtandi commercialization cos
attributable to the U.S. market, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, we share certain development and other collaboration expenses. For international net sales we receiv:
royalties based on a tiered percentage.

+ Orgovyx (relugolix) is an oral gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) receptor antagonist for the treatment of adult patients with advanced prostate cancer that is being
developed and commercialized with SMPA. The companies are also collaborating on Myfembree (relugolix 40 mg, estradiol 1.0 mg, and norethindrone acetate 0.5 mg) for hea
menstrual bleeding associated with uterine fibroids in premenopausal women and the management of moderate to severe pain associated with endometriosis in premenopaus:
women. The companies equally share profits and allowable expenses in the U.S. for Orgovyx, and in the U.S. and Canada for Myfembree. Pfizer does not have rights outside ¢
these markets, SMPA remains responsible for regulatory interactions and drug supply and continues to lead clinical development for the relugolix combination tablet.

+ Padcev (enfortumab vedotin-ejfv) is a first-in-class ADC that is directed to Nectin-4, a protein located on the surface of cells and highly expressed in bladder cancer, that is beir
co-developed and jointly commercialized with Astellas. In the U.S., Padcev has been approved for use with Keytruda (pembrolizumab) for adult patients with locally advanced ¢
metastatic urothelial cancer. Other approvals and indications for Padcev vary by market. In the U.S., the companies jointly promote, and we record net sales and are responsib!
for all U.S. distribution activities for Padcev. The companies each bear the costs of their own sales organizations in the U.S., and equally share certain other costs associated w
commercializing and any profits realized in the U.S. for Padcev. Outside the U.S., we have commercialization rights in all countries in North and South America, and Astellas ha
commercialization rights in the rest of the world. The agreement between us and Astellas provides that the companies will effectively equally share in profits realized in markets
‘outside of the U.S. through: (i) a costs-incurred and profit-sharing mechanism based on product sales and costs of commercialization in certain markets and (ii) a royalty-paym«
mechanism intended to approximate an equal profit share for both parties in the remaining markets.

In addition, we have collaboration and/or co-promotion arrangements with respect to certain other biopharmaceutical products, including Adcetris and Tivdak as a result of our
acquisition of Seagen.

Revenues associated with these arrangements are included in Alliance revenues (except in certain markets where we have direct sales and except for the majority of revenues fo
Comirnaty and Padcev, which are included in Product revenues). In addition, we have collaboration arrangements for the development and commercialization of certain pipeline
products that are in development stage, including, among others certain of those described in the Product Developments section within MD&A. For further discussion of collabora
and co-promotion agreements, see the /tem 1. Business—Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights section, the Item 1A, Risk Fact. llaborations and Other Relations
with Third Partias section and Notes 2 and 17.

INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS

Our operations are conducted globally, and we supply our medicines and vaccines to approximately 200 countries and territories. Emerging markets are an important component
‘our strategy for global leadership, and our commercial structure recognizes that the demographics and rising economic power of the fastest-growing emerging markets are becorr
more closely aligned with the profile found within developed markets. Urbanization and the rise of the middle class in emerging markets provide potential growth opportunities for
products.

Revenues from operations outside the U.S. of $31.4 billion accounted for 54% of Total revenues in 2023. Revenues exceeded $500 milion in each of 14, 24 and 21 countries

‘outside the U.S. in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in the number of countries exceeding $500 million in revenues from 2022 to 2023 was primarily driven by
decreases in revenues related to Comiraty and Paxlovid. As a percentage of Total revenues, our largest country outside the U.S. was Japan in 2023. For a geographic breakdon

of Total revenues, see the Total Revenues by Geography section within MD&A and Note 178.
Revenues by Country as % of Total Revenues

2021 54%

@ ous. @ Japan ™ = Other
Our international operations are subject to risks inherent in carrying on business in other countries. See the A. Risk Fe jlobal Operations and Item 1. Business—

Government Regulation and Price Constraints sections.

SALES AND MARKETING

Our prescription biopharmaceutical products, with the exception of Paxlovid in 2022 and 2023, are sold principally to wholesalers, but we also sell directly to retailers, hospitals,
diinics, government agencies and pharmacies. In 2022 and 2023, we principally sold Paxlovid globally to government agencies. Our vaccines in the U.S. are primarily sold directly
the federal government (including the CDC), wholesalers, individual provider offices, retail pharmacies and integrated delivery systems. Our vaccines outside the U.S. are primaril
sold to government and non-government institutions. Certain of these government contracts may be renegotiated or terminated at the discretion of a government entity. Our

Pfizer Inc 2023 Form 10-K


contracts with government and supranational organizations for the sales of Comirnaty and Paxlovid, which are binding contracts, represented a significant amount of revenues in
2022 and 2023. Sales of Comimaty and Paxlovid in the U.S. transitioned to commercial channels in the second half of 2023. For information on our October 2023 amended
agreement with the U.S. government regarding Paxlovid, see Note 17C.

We also seek to gain access for our products on formularies, which are lists of approved medicines available to members of healthcare programs or PBMs. PBMs use various
benefit designs, such as tiered co-pays for formulary products, to drive utilization of products in preferred formulary positions. We may also work with payors on disease
management programs that help to develop tools and materials to educate patients and physicians on key disease areas. For information on our significant customers, see Note
ic

We promote our products to healthcare providers and patients consistent with applicable laws. Through our marketing organizations, we explain the approved uses, benefits and
risks of our products to healthcare providers and patients; MCOs that provide insurance coverage, such as hospitals, integrated delivery systems, PBMs and health plans; and
‘employers and government agencies who hire MCOs to provide health benefits to their employees. In the U.S., we market directly to consumers through direct-to-consumer
advertising that seeks to communicate the approved uses, benefits and risks of our products while motivating people to have meaningful conversations with their doctors. In additi
we sponsor general advertising to educate the public on disease awareness, prevention and wellness, important public health issues and our patient assistance programs.

‘As part of our commitment to engaging our customers in a manner they prefer, we take an omnichannel approach, including both virtual and in person interactions, and see
generally positive customer response to both approaches.

PATENTS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

Patents. We own or have co-promotion andlor license rights related to a number of patents covering pharmaceutical and other products, their uses, formulations, and product
manufacturing processes.

Patents for individual products extend for varying periods according to the date of patent filing or grant and the legal term of patents in the various countries where patent protectic
is obtained, The scope of protection afforded by a patent can vary from country to country and depends on the patent type, the scope of its patent claims and the availability of leg
remedies. Patent term extensions (PTE) may be available in some countries to compensate for a loss of patent term due to delay in a product's approval due to the regulatory
requirements, while patent term adjustment may be available in some countries to compensate for administrative delays during prosecution of patents. One of the primary
considerations in limiting our operations in some countries outside the U.S. is the lack of effective intellectual property protection for our products, although international and U.S.
free trade agreements have included some global protection of intellectual property rights. See the /tem 1. Business—Government Regulation and Price Constraints section.

In various markets, a period of regulatory exclusivity may be provided for drugs or vaccines upon approval. The scope and term of such exclusivity will vary but, in general, the
period will run concurrently with the term of any existing patent rights associated with the drug at the time of approval.

Based on current sales and other factors, and considering the competition with products sold by our competitors, the patent rights we consider most significant in relation to our
business as a whole, together with the year in which the basic product patent expires, are as follows:

Pfizer inc.) 2023 Form 10-K


i U.S. Basic Product Patent Expiration | | Major Eurove Basic Pr duct Patent | [eran Basic Product Patent Expiratic
i Hi

i ° Paxlovid
i Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine, !
‘Bivalent (Original and Omicron BA.4/BA.5)/
| ‘Comimaty Oriainal/Omicron BA.1 |

© Unless otherwise indicated, the years pertain to the basic product patent expiration, including granted PTEs, supplementary protection certificates (SPC) or pediatric exclusivity periods. SPCs are
included when granted in three out of five major European markets (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the U.K.). Noted in parentheses is the projected year of expiry of the earliest pending patent ten
extension in the U.S. or Japan andlor SPC application in Europe, the term of which, if granted, may be shorter than originally requested due to a number of factors. In some instances, there are later-
expiring patents relating to our products which may or may not protect our product from generic or biosimilar competition after the expiration of the basic patent.

® Expiry is provided by regulatory exclusivity in this market.

©) The Europe patent that covers the combination of the 13 serotype conjugates of Prevenar 13 was revoked following an opposition and has now been withdrawn. There are other Europe patents and
pending applications covering the formulation, various aspects of the manufacturing process, and the combination of serotype conjugates of Prevenar 13 that remain in force.

(® Eliquis was developed and is being commercialized in collaboration with BMS. In the U.S., we and BMS previously settled certain patent litigations with a number of generic companies permitting thei

launch of a generic version of Eliquis on April 1, 2028 (the settled generic companies). We continued to litigate against three

2023 Form 10-K


‘generic companies and following the resolution of the litigation in our favor, the three generic companies are not permitted to launch their products until the 2031 expiration date of the
formulation patent. Both the composition of matter patent expiring in November 2026 and the formulation patent expiring in 2031 may be subject to future challenges, While we cannot predict the outer
of any potential futur litigation, there are certain potential alternatives that might occur which could potentially permit generic launch prior to April 1, 2028: (i if the formulation patent is held invalid or 1
infringed in future litigation, through appeal, the settled generic companies and any successful future litigant would be permitted to launch on November 21, 2026; or (i) if both patents are held invalid
‘not infringed in future litigation, through appeal, the settled generic companies and any successful future titigant could launch products immediately upon such an adverse decision. Refer to Nole 164°
more information.

(9) On October 31, 2023, the U.K. Supreme Court refused BMS's permission to appeal in relation to the judgment having found the apixaban basic product patent and associated SPC invalid. Additional
challenges are pending in other jurisdictions.

(© Xtandi is being developed and commercialized in collaboration with Astellas, which has exclusive commercialization rights for Xtandi outside the U.S. Pfizer receives tiered royallies as a percentage o
international Xtandi net sates.

® Interim patent term extension req

© Vyndagel (tafamidis meglumine) b
exclusivity expiring in March 2029.

© Adcetris is being developed and commercialized in collaboration with Takeda. Pfizer has commercialization rights for Adcetris in the U.S. and its territories and in Canada. Takeda has commercializatit
rights in the rest of the world and pays Pfizer a royalty based on a percentage of Takeda’s net sales of Adcetris in its licensed territories, based on annual net sales tiers.

(60) There are other U.S. patents covering related ADC uses, technology and manufacturing that remain in force beyond composition of matter expiry.

© Product nat yet approved or authorized in this market.

2) We have exclusive rights to Braftovi and Mektovi in the U.S.. Canada and certain emerging markets. The Pierre Fabre Group has exclusive rights to commercialize both products in Europe and Ono h
exclusive rights to commercialize both products in Japan. We receive royalties from The Pierre Fabre Group and Ono on sales of Braftovi and Mektovi in 2 majority of markets outside the U.S.

(9) Mektovi U.S. expiry is provided by a method of use patent.

(4) Padcev is being commercialized in collaboration with Astellas. Pfizer has co-promotion rights in the U.S. Outside the U.S., Pfizer has commercialzation rights in all countries in North and South Ameri
and Astellas has commercialization rights in the rest of the world, including Europe, Asia, Australia and Arica.

08) There is a U.S. patent covering related ADC manufacturing that will remain in force beyond the composition of matter expiry.

(8) In September 2020, Seagen and Merck began a collaboration to commercialize Tukysa. As of December 31, 2023, this collaboration ended and all commercialization rights were retumed to Seagen
(Pfizer).

(17, Ngenta is being developed in collaboration with OPKO.

(8) Tivdak is developed and commercialized in collaboration with Genmab. Pfizer and Genmab have co-promotion rights in the U.S. Outside the U.S., Pfizer has commercialization rights in the rest of the
world except for Japan, where Genmab has commercialization rights, and certain territories where Zai Lab Limited (Zai Lab) has commercialization rights (mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and
Taiwan). Pfizer and Genmab equally share all costs and profits for Tivdak in the U.S., Europe, China (including the payments from Zai Lab described below) and Japan. In markets outside the U.S. ot!
than Europe, China, and Japan, Pfizer will pay Genmab a royalty based on a percentage of aggregate net sales. Further, pursuant to the agreement with Zai Lab, Pfizer is entitied to receive potential
development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments, and tiered royalties on net sales of Tivdak in the Zai Lab territories, which will be shared equally with Genmab.

9) Expiry is provided by regulatory exclusivity in this market. In addition to regulatory exclusivity there are U.S. patents covering related ADC manufacturing and technology that remain in force beyond th
reguiatory exclusivity expiry.

29) Product is being commercialized in collaboration with BioNTech.

21) The basic product patent has been granted in the U.K. and expires in 2041. In the other major markets, a patent application has b

2) The basic product patent application has been filed in this market. If granted, a full term is expected in this market,

22) pfizer does not have co-promotion rights for this product in Germany.

ts have been granted extending the expiry from December 2023 to December 2024 and Pfizer has filed applications for patent term extension to 2028.
ic patent expiry in Japan is August 2026 for treatment of polyneuropathy. Vynmac (tafamidis) was approved in Japan for treatment of cardiomyopathy with regulate

n filed. If granted, a full term is expected.

For information regarding profit sharing and royalty arrangements for certain of these products, see /tem 1. Business—Collaboration and Co-Promotion Agreements.

Loss of intellectual Property Rights. The loss, expiration or invalidation of intellectual property rights, patent litigation settlements and judgments and the expiration of co-promotio:
and licensing rights can have a material adverse effect on our revenues. Once patent protection has expired or has been lost prior to the expiration date as a result of a legal
challenge, we typically lose exclusivity on these products, and generic and biosimilar pharmaceutical manufacturers generally produce identical or highly similar products and sell
them for a lower price. The date at which generic or biosimilar competition commences may be different from the date that the patent or regulatory exclusivity expires. However,
when generic or biosimilar competition does commence, the resulting price competition can substantially decrease our revenues for the impacted products, often in a very short
period of time. Also, if one of our product-related patents is found to be invalid by judicial, court or regulatory or administrative proceedings, generic or biosimilar products could be
introduced, resulting in the erosion of sales of our existing products. Additionally, we could be subject to claims that our intellectual property rights infringe third party patents.

Certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and we expect certain products to face
increased generic competition over the next few years. While additional patent expiries will continue, we expect a moderate impact of reduced revenues due to patent expiries fro!
2024 through 2025. We anticipate a more significant impact of reduced revenues from patent expiries in 2026 through 2030 as several of our in-line products experience patent
based expirations, There is no assurance that a particular product will maintain market exclusivity for the full time period that appears in the estimates included in this Form 10-K «
that we assume when we provide our financial guidance. For additional information on the impact of LOEs on our revenues, see the Overview of Our Performance, Operating
Environment, Strategy and Qutlook—Our 2023 Performance section within MD&A.

We continue to vigorously defend our patent rights against infringement, and we will continue to support efforts that strengthen worldwide recognition of patent rights while taking
necessary steps to help ensure appropriate patient access. See the /tem 1A. Risk Factors—Competitive Products, —Intellectual Property Protection and —Third-Party Intellectua
Property Claims sections and Note 16A1.

Trademarks. Our products are sold under brand-name and logo trademarks and trade dress. Registrations generally are for fixed, but renewable, terms and protection is provided
some countries for as long as the mark is used while in others, for as long as itis registered. Protecting our trademarks is of material importance to us.

"2023 Form 10-K


COMPETITION

Our business is conducted in intensely competitive and highly regulated markets. Many of our products face competition in the form of branded or generic drugs or biosimilars tha
treat similar diseases or indications. The principal forms of competition include efficacy, safety, ease of use and cost. Though the means of competition vary among our products,
demonstrating the value of our products is a critical factor for success.

We compete with other companies that manufacture and sell products that treat or prevent diseases or indications similar to those treated or prevented by our major products. Tht
competitors include other worldwide research-based biopharmaceutical companies, smaller research companies with more limited therapeutic focus and generic drug and biosimi
manufacturers. Our competitors also may devote substantial funds and resources to R&D and their successful R&D could result in erosion of the sales of our existing products an
potential sales of our products in development, as well as product obsolescence. In addition, several of our competitors operate without large R&D expenses and make a regular
practice of challenging our product patents before their expiration,

To help address competitive trends we continually emphasize innovation, which is underscored by our multi-billion-dollar investment in R&D, as welll as our business development
transactions, both designed to result in a strong and differentiated product pipeline. Our investment in research continues even after drug or vaccine approval as we seek to furthe
demonstrate the value of our products for the conditions they treat or prevent, as well as investigating potential new applications. We educate patients, physicians, payors and glo
health authorities on the benefits and risks of our medicines and vaccines, and seek to continually enhance the organizational effectiveness of our biopharmaceutical functions,
including our efforts to effectively launch and market our products to our customers.

Operating conditions have also shifted as a result of increased global competitive pressures, industry regulation and cost containment. We continue to evaluate, adapt and improv
‘our organization and business practices in an effort to better meet customer and public needs. We believe that we have taken an industry-leading role in evolving our ethical
approaches to U.S. direct-to-consumer advertising, interactions with, and payments to, healthcare professionals and medical education grants. We also continue to support
programs to address patient affordability and access barriers, as we strive to advance fundamental health system change through our support for better healthcare solutions. For
‘example, in May 2022, we launched An Accord for a Healthier World, which aims to provide our full portfolio of patented and off-patent medicines and vaccines for which Pfizer hc
global rights on a not-for-profit basis to 1.2 billion people living in 45 lower-income countries around the world.

Our vaccines have and may continue to face competition, including from the introduction of alternative vaccines or “next-generation” vaccines prior to or after the expiration of thei
patents, which may adversely affect our future results.

Our biosimilars, which include biosimilars of certain inflammation & immunology and oncology biologic medicines, compete with branded products from competitors, as well as ott
generics and biosimilars manufacturers, We seek to maximize the opportunity to establish a “first-to- market” or early market position for our biosimilars to provide customers a low
cost alternative immediately when available and also to potentially provide us with higher levels of sales and profitability until other competitors enter the market.

Generic Products. Generic pharmaceutical manufacturers pose one of the biggest competitive challenges to our branded small molecule products because they can market a
‘competing version of our product after the expiration or loss of our patent protection and often charge much less. Severa! competitors regularly challenge our product patents befc
their expiration. Generic competitors often operate without large R&D expenses, as well as without costs of conveying medical information about products to the medical commun
In addition, the approval process in the U.S. and in the EU exempts generics from costly and time-consuming clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy, allowing gene!
manufacturers to rely on the safety and efficacy data of the innovator product. In China, for example, given the expansion of the QCE process and continuation of the VBP prograi
we expect to continue to face intensified competition by certain generic manufacturers in 2024 and beyond, which has and may continue to result in price cuts and volume loss of
‘some of our products. In addition, generic versions of competitors’ branded products have and may continue to compete with our products.

‘Commercial and government payors typically encourage the use of generics as alternatives to brand-name drugs in their healthcare programs, including Medicaid in the U.S., anc
U.S. laws generally allow, and in some cases require, pharmacists to substitute generic drugs for brand-name drugs. In a small subset of states, prescribing physicians are able tc
expressly prevent such substitution. Similar rules also apply in several EU member states, where national authorities typically encourage and incentivize the use of generic produt

Biosimilars. Certain of our biologic products, including Enbrel (we market Enbrel outside the U.S. and Canada), already face, or may face in the
future, competition from biosimilars (also referred to as follow-on biologics). Biosimilars are versions of biologic medicines that have been developed and proven to be highly simi
to the original biologic in terms of safety and efficacy and that have no clinically meaningful differences in safety, purity or potency. Biosimilars have the potential to offer high-qual
lower-cost alternatives to innovative biologic medicines. In the U.S., biosimilars referencing innovative biologic products are approved by the FDA under the U.S. Public Health
Service Act, whereas in the EU the EMA is responsible for evaluating the majority of applications for biosimilars through the centralized procedure.

PRICING PRESSURES AND MANAGED CARE ORGANIZATIONS

Commercial Pricing Pressures. Pricing and access pressures in the commercial sector continue to be significant. Overall, there is increasing pressure on U.S. providers to deliver
healthcare at a lower cost and to ensure that those expenditures deliver demonstrated value in terms of health outcomes. Many employers have adopted or make available high
deductible health plans, which can increase out-of-pocket costs for medicines. This trend is likely to continue. Private third-party payors, such as health plans, increasingly challer
pharmaceutical product pricing, which could result in lower prices, lower reimbursement rates for payors and a reduction in demand for our products, including denial of coverage
our products, if lower cost alternatives are available. Payors often require significant discounts, or rebates, from our prices in exchange for more favorable formulary placement.
Pricing pressures also may occur as a result of highly competitive biopharmaceutical markets and increasing concentration of insurers and PBMs. Healthcare provider purchasers
directly or through group purchasing organizations, are seeking enhanced discounts or implementing more rigorous bidding or purchasing review processes.

Longer term, we foresee a shift in focus among payors and their PBMs away from fee-for-service reimbursement towards outcomes-based payments and risk-sharing arrangeme!
that reward providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers for cost reductions and improved patient outcomes. These new payment models can, at times, lead to lower prices for, a
restricted access to, new medicines. At the same time, these models can also promote utilization of drugs by encouraging physicians to screen and diagnose and consider drugs

a means of forestalling more costly medical interventions. Further, these models may also encourage payors and their PBMs to cover higher cost drugs where coverage is tied to
patient outcomes and other quality incentives.

Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K


The impact of large-scale healthcare disruptions, like the COVID-19 pandemic, on the pace of adoption of value-based payment models remains unclear. Both payors and provide
may resist adopting such models or choose to adopt such models at a slower pace if the incentives available do not outweigh the financial risk involved. Adoption of such models,
particular models that involve downside risk, may depend on revenue predictability for hospitals and other institutional providers, many of which are stil struggling to recover
financially following the COVID-19 pandemic, Providers in more advanced value-based payment models, such as full capitation, a fixed amount paid in advance per-patient per-ut
of time-period, generally found their revenues remained steady during the COVID-19 pandemic, which may ultimately encourage the growth of such models. Going forward, we
expect continued focus on value-based payment models that support financial resiliency and advance healthcare equity by incorporating features intended to reduce disparities in
healthcare quality and access experienced by underrepresented and underserved populations.

We believe medicines and vaccines are the most efficient and effective use of healthcare dollars based on the value they deliver to the overall healthcare system. We work with la
makers and advocate for solutions that effectively improve patient health outcomes, lower costs to the healthcare system, and help ensure access to medicines and vaccines with
an efficient and affordable healthcare system. This includes assessing our go-to market model to help address patient affordability challenges. We have engaged with major payo!
and the U.S. government to explore opportunities to improve access and reimbursement in an effort to drive pro-patient policies. In addition, in response to the evolving U.S. and
global healthcare spending landscape, we work with health authorities, health technology assessment and quality measurement bodies and major U.S. payors throughout the
product-development process to better understand how these entities value our compounds and products. Further, we are developing stronger support designed to demonstrate t
net value of the medicines and vaccines that we discover or develop, register and manufacture.

For information on government pricing pressures, see the /tem 1, Business—Government Regulation and Price Constraints and item 1A, Risk Factors—Pricing and Reimbursem:
sections.

Managed Care Organizations. The evolution of managed care in the U.S. has been a major factor in the competitiveness of the healthcare marketplace. Approximately 318 millior
people in the U.S. now have some form of health insurance coverage, and the marketing of prescription drugs and vaccines to both consumers and the entities that manage
coverage in the U.S. continues to grow in importance. In particular, the influence of MCOs has increased in recent years due to the growing number of patients receiving coverage
through MCOs. At the same time, consolidation in the MCO industry has resulted in fewer, even larger MCOs, which enhances those MCOs' ability to negotiate lower pricing and
further increases their importance to our business. Since MCOs seek to contain and reduce healthcare expenditures, their growing influence has increased downward pressure 01
drug prices, as well as negatively impacted revenues.

MCOs and their PBMs typically negotiate prices with pharmaceutical providers by using formularies (which are lists of approved medicines available to MCO members), clinical
protocols (which require prior authorization for a branded product if a generic product is available or require the patient to first fail on one or more generic products before permittit
access to a branded medicine), long-term contracts and their ability to influence volume and market share of prescription drugs. In addition, by placing branded medicines on high
tier or non-preferred status in their formularies, MCOs transfer to the patient higher patient out-of-pocket expenses. This financial disincentive is a tool for MCOs to manage drug
costs and channel patients to medicines preferred by the MCOs. We expect payment reforms for MCOs will continue to evolve with increased emphasis on expanded participatior
and on removing barriers to equitable healthcare.

The breadth of the products covered by formularies can vary considerably from one MCO to another, and many formularies include alternative and competitive products for
treatment of particular medical problems. MCOs emphasize primary and preventive care, out-patient treatment and procedures performed at doctors’ offices and clinics as ways t:
manage costs. Hospitalization and surgery, typically the most expensive forms of treatment, are carefully managed, and drugs that can help in chronic care management and redt
the need for hospitalization, professional therapy or surgery may become favored first-line treatments for certain diseases. At the same time, MCOs may seek to exclude high-cos
drugs from formularies in their efforts to manage and lower their costs.

Exclusion of a product from a formulary or other MCO-implemented restrictions can significantly impact drug usage in the MCO patient population and beyond. Consequently,
pharmaceutical companies compete to gain access to formularies for their products, typically on the basis of unique product features, such as greater efficacy, better patient ease
use, or fewer side effects, as well as the overall cost of the therapy. We continue to seek to ensure that our major products are included on MCO formularies. However, our brands
products are increasingly being placed on the higher tiers or in a non-preferred status. Continuing efforts by managed care entities to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/or
impose price controls may adversely affect demand for our products and our financial performance. See the tem 1A, Risk Factors—Managed Care Trends section.

RAW MATERIALS

We procure raw materials essential to our business from numerous suppliers worldwide. In general, these materials have been available in sufficient quantities to support our
demand and in many cases are available from multiple suppliers. No significant impact to our operations due to the availability of raw materials is currently anticipated in 2024.
However, we continue to see heightened demand in the industry for certain components and raw materials, which could potentially result in constraining available supply leading t
possible future impact on our business. We are continuing to monitor and implement mitigation strategies to reduce any potential risk or impact including active supplier
management, qualification of additional suppliers and advanced purchasing to the extent possible.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION AND PRICE CONSTRAINTS

We are subject to extensive regulation by government authorities in the countries in which we do business. This includes laws and regulations governing the operations of
biopharmaceutical companies, such as the approval, manufacturing and marketing of products, pricing (including discounts and rebates) and price reporting, interactions with
healthcare professionals, institutions, and referral sources, reporting of remuneration provided to healthcare providers and academic medical centers, financial assistance provide
to patients, clinical research, data privacy and information security, among others. These laws and regulations may require administrative guidance for implementation, and a failu
to comply could subject us to legal and/or administrative actions. Enforcement measures may include substantial fines and/or penalties, orders to stop non-compliant activities,
criminal charges, warning letters, product recalls or seizures, delays in product approvals, exclusion from participation in government programs or contracts as well as limitations «
conducting business in applicable jurisdictions, and could result in harm to our reputation and business. See Note 164. Compliance with these laws and regulations may be costly
and may require significant technical expertise and capital investment to ensure compliance. While capital expenditures or operating costs for compliance with government
regulations


cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently anticipate they will have a material effect on our capital expenditures or competitive position.

inthe U.S.

Drug and Biologic Regulation. The FDA, pursuant to the FFDCA, the Public Health Service Act and other federal statutes and regulations, extensively regulates pre- and post-
marketing activities related to our biopharmaceutical products and devices. The regulations govern areas such as safety and efficacy, clinical trials, advertising and promotion, qu:
control, manufacturing, labeling, distribution, post-marketing safety surveillance and reporting, and record keeping. Other U.S. federal agencies, including the DEA, also regulate
certain of our products and activities,

For a biopharmaceutical company to market a drug or a biologic product, including vaccines, the FDA must evaluate whether the product is safe and effective for its intended use.
the FDA determines that the drug or biologic is safe and effective, the FDA will approve the product's NDA or BLA (or supplemental NDA or supplemental BLA), as appropriate.

A drug or biologic may be subject to postmarketing commitments, which are studies or clinical trials that the product sponsor agrees to conduct, or postmarketing requirements,
which are studies or clinical trials that are required as a condition of approval. In addition, we are also required to report adverse events and comply with cGMPs (the FDA
regulations that govern all aspects of manufacturing quality for pharmaceuticals) and the Drug Supply Chain Security Act (the law that, among other things, sets forth requirement
related to product tracing, product identifiers and verification for manufacturers, wholesale distributors, re-packagers and dispensers to facilitate the tracing of product through the
pharmaceutical distribution supply chain), as well as advertising and promotion regulations. See the item 1A. Risk Factors—Development, Regulatory Approval and Marketing of
Products and —Post-Authorization/Approval Data sections.

In the context of public health emergencies, like the COVID-19 pandemic, we may apply to the FDA for an EUA which, if granted, allows for the distribution and use of our product
during the declared emergency, in accordance with the conditions set forth in the EUA, unless the EUA is terminated by the government. Although the criteria for an EUA differ fro1
the criteria for approval of an NDA or BLA, EUAs nevertheless require the development and submission of data to satisfy the relevant FDA standards, and a number of ongoing
obligations. The FDA generally expects EUA holders to work toward submission of full applications, such as a BLA or an NDA, as soon as possible.

Biosimilar Regulation. The FDA is responsible for approval of biosimilars. Innovator biologics, or reference products, are entitled to 12 years exclusivity. Applications for biosimilar:
‘may not be submitted until four years after the date on which the reference product was first licensed and may not be approved until 12 years after the reference product was first
licensed.

Sales and Marketing Regulations. Our marketing practices are subject to federal and state laws, such as the Anti-Kickback Statute (AKS), Civil Monetary Penalties Law and False
Claims Act, intended to prevent fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. The AKS prohibits soliciting, offering, receiving, or paying anything of value to generate business that r
be paid for, in whole or in part, by a federal healthcare program. The Civil Monetary Penalties Law covers a variety of conduct, often violations under other laws, and includes
penalties for AKS violations as well as causing the submission of false claims. The False Claims Act generally prohibits anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting, or causing
be presented, any claims for payment for goods or services, including to government payors, such as Medicare and Medicaid, that are false or fraudulent including false certificati
‘of compliance with applicable law. The federal government and states also regulate sales and marketing activities and financial interactions between manufacturers and healthcar
providers, requiring disclosure to government authorities and the public of such interactions, and the adoption of compliance standards or programs. State attorneys general have
also taken action to regulate the marketing of prescription drugs under state consumer protection and false advertising laws.

Pricing, Reimbursement and Access Regulations. Pricing and reimbursement for our products depend in part on government regulation. Any significant efforts at the federal or ste
levels to reform the healthcare system by changing the way healthcare is provided or funded or to expand controls on drug pricing, government reimbursement, and access to
medicines and vaccines on public and private insurance plans could have a material impact on us.

We must offer discounts or rebates on purchases of pharmaceutical products under various government programs including Medicare, Medicaid, the Veterans Administration and
3408 Drug Pricing Program (340B Program). We also must report specific prices to government agencies. The calculations necessary to determine the prices reported are compl
and the failure to do so accurately may expose us to enforcement measures. See the discussion regarding rebates in the Product Revenue Deductions section within MD&A and
Note 16.

The drug pricing provisions of the IRA, which was signed into law in August 2022, began to be implemented in 2022 and implementation will continue over the next several years.
The IRA includes several provisions to lower prescription drug costs for Medicare patients and to reduce drug spending by the federal government. Among other things, the IRA
enhances the Medicare Part D benefit by eliminating the coverage gap (“donut hole") beginning in 2025, adds a maximum out-of-pocket cap for Medicare beneficiaries (set at $2,(
for 2025), and creates a new program that allows patients to pay their cost-sharing over time. The law also requires manufacturers to provide @ 10% discount on branded
prescriptions in the initial coverage phase and a 20% discount in the catastrophic phase, imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D on drug price increases th:
outpace inflation, and directs HHS to set the prices of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare (known as the "Medicare Drug Price
Negotiation Program”). In August 2023, the Biden Administration published the first ten medicines subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program, which included Eliquis
As a selected drug, CMS will establish a “maximum fair price" for Eliquis and that price will be published by September 1, 2024, The price will be in effect in 2026. The maximum f
Price established by CMS is required to be offered to all Medicare beneficiaries and to covered entities participating in the 340B Program if that maximum fair price is lower than th
discounted price such entities are offered under the 340B Program ceiling price calculation. In addition, there will be a new Medicare manufacturer discount program agreement
expected to be signed in March 2024 that will change our discounting obligations for all medicines in Medicare, with few exceptions, beginning in 2025. The Medicare Drug Price
Negotiation Program is currently subject to legal challenges and therefore, the outcome of the Program remains uncertain. We continue to evaluate the impact of the IRA on our
business, operations and financial condition and results as the full effect of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain.

Changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or the 340B Program could have a material impact on our business. For example, certain changes finalized by CMS in a Decemb
2020 final rule, including which products qualify as so-called “line extension” drugs subject to increased rebate liability, may have a material impact on our business. Additionally, i
May 2023, CMS proposed new rules that could, if finalized, have a material impact on our business. Those proposals include, for example, new rules regarding how manufacturer
would be required to aggregate discounts for purposes of determining their Medicaid Best Price. Additionally, various potential changes to the 340B Program are undergoing

Pfizer inc. "2023 Form 16- 42


review or are the subject of current regulatory activity and/or litigation, and their status is unclear. In 2022, we implemented a policy that will help improve contract pharmacy integ
The HHS Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA), which administers the 340B Program, has sent letters to numerous manufacturers that have also implemented
contract pharmacy policies and integrity initiatives; the letters express HRSA‘s view that those manufacturers’ policies are in violation of the 340B statute. HRSA also has referred
‘some of those other manufacturers to the HHS Office of Inspector General (OIG) for potential enforcement action. Pfizer has not received an enforcement letter from HRSA to dat
relating to our 340B Program integrity initiative. Several manufacturers have challenged HRSA's enforcement letters in federal court and litigation is ongoing in those cases. We
believe that our policy is consistent with the statute. In addition, some states have enacted laws seeking to restrict manufacturer policies related to contract pharmacy transactions
their states, At least one state has begun to pursue enforcement proceedings under its law. Several stakeholders have challenged such laws in certain states. Other states have
considered and could enact similar laws going forward, although any such laws also may be subject to legal challenges. Additional legal or legislative developments at the federal
state level with respect to the 340B Program may have an adverse impact on our integrity initiative, and we may face enforcement action or penalties, depending upon such
developments. The 340B Program continues to be a subject of regulatory activity, congressional scrutiny and inquiries, litigation, and other developments, any or all of which couk
affect the scope of the program and Pfizer's obligation to offer discounts to 340B Program covered entilies under the program. See the Item 1A, Risk Factors—Pricing and
Reimbursement section.

States seek to control healthcare costs related to Medicaid and other state regulated healthcare programs. A majority of states use preferred drug lists to manage access to
pharmaceutical products under Medicaid, including some of our products. States may seek to negotiate supplemental rebate agreements that are larger than the minimum federa
requirement for preferred formulary access. Preferred access to our products under the Medicaid managed care programs are often determined by the managed care health plan:
contracted by the state to administer benefits, which may also require supplemental rebates for preferred formulary access. We expect states will continue to seek cost cutting, wt
may focus on managed care capitation payments, supplemental rebates, and/or formulary management.

We expect to see continued focus by Congress and the Biden Administration on regulating pricing and access to medicine, in addition to actions already taken, which could result
legislative and regulatory changes. Government and private payors routinely seek to manage utilization and control the costs of our products. There is considerable public and
government scrutiny of pharmaceutical pricing and actions being taken at the state and federal level. Further efforts by states and the federal government to regulate prices or
payment for pharmaceutical products, including proposed actions to facilitate drug importation, such as Florida's drug importation program which was recently authorized by the
FDA, limit reimbursement to lower reference prices, require deep discounts, impose financial penalties related to pricing practices, and require manufacturers to report and make
public price increases and sometimes a written justification for the increase, could adversely affect our business if implemented. Further, commercial payors often follow Medicare
coverage and reimbursement policies when setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in cost or other containment measures may similarly be adopted by commercial plans.
Payors may continue to promote generic drugs and biosimilars more aggressively to generate savings and attempt to stimulate additional price competition. In addition, we expec
that consolidation and integration among pharmacy chains, wholesalers and PMs will increase pricing pressures in the industry. See the /lem 1A, Risk Factors—Managed Care
Trends section.

Anti-Corruption. The FCPA prohibits U.S. corporations and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to any foreign government official,
government staff member, political party or political candidate to obtain or retain business abroad. The scope of the FCPA includes interactions with certain healthcare professione
in many countries. Other countries have enacted similar anti-corruption laws andlor regulations.

Data Privacy. The number of privacy and data security laws and regulations in the U.S. to which we are subject on the federal and state level continues to increase. We routinely
collect and use sensitive personal information relating to digital health. The legislative, regulatory and litigation landscape for privacy and data protection requirements is rapidly
evolving and changing. These requirements are not universal and can conflict between jurisdictions. Compliance with those laws and regulations is made more complex by the lat
of consistent standards, common definitions, or clear regulatory expectations. At the same time, enforcement of these laws and regulations is increasing and litigation is becoming
more common. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including cybersecurity breaches or incidents, cot
subject us to significant fines and penalties, litigation, and negatively impact our reputation.

Qutside the U.

New Drug Approvals. In the EU, the EMA conducts the scientific evaluation, supervision and safety monitoring of our innovative medicinal products that are eligible for the
centralized marketing authorization procedure. Through the centralized procedure, pharmaceutical companies may submit to the EMA a single application for a marketing
authorization valid in all the EU and the European Economic Area (EEA) countries. The EC takes a legally binding decision based on the EMA’s recommendation. For medicinal
products that are not eligible for the centralized procedure, the mutual recognition procedure is based on the recognition of a pre-existing national marketing authorization by one
more EU member states, and the decentralized procedure allows the submission of a marketing authorization application simultaneously in several EU member states. In the U.K
the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency is the sole regulatory authority. In Japan, the Pharmaceuticals and Medical Device Agency is involved in a wide range
regulatory activities, including clinical studies, approvals, post-marketing reviews and pharmaceutical safety. In China, the National Medical Product Administration is the primary
regulatory authority for approving and supervising medicines. Health authorities in many middle- and lower-income countries might require marketing approval or scientific opinior
by a recognized regulatory authority (e.g., the FDA or EMA) before they begin reviewing or approving applications. By way of example, the EMA, in cooperation with the World
Health Organization (WHO), can provide scientific opinions on high priority human medicines, including vaccines, for markets outside the EU.

In April 2023, the EC proposed to revise the EU pharmaceutical legislation. The proposed legislation includes a significant focus on tackling inequalities on access, affordability ar
availability of medicines across the EU. The legislative process is ongoing and when eventually completed, it is likely to be the largest reform in over 20 years to EU me
regulation, with a wide range of impacts including on approval procedures, regulatory data protection and environmental protection measures.

Pharmacovigilance. In the EU, the EMA’s PRAC is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations on product safety issues. Specifically, the PRAC focuses an detecting,

assessing and communicating the risks associated with adverse reactions of medicinal products, while considering their therapeutic effects. It also evaluates post-authorization
safety studies and conducts pharmacovigilance audits. Outside developed markets, pharmacovigilance requirements vary and are generally not as extensive, but there is a trend

toward increasing regulati

Pricing and Reimbursement. Certain governments, including in the different EU member states, the U.K., Japan, China, Canada and South Korea, provide healthcare at low-to-ze
direct cost to consumers at the point of care and have significant power to regulate pharmaceutical


prices or patient reimbursement levels to control costs for the govemment-sponsored healthcare system, particularly under recent global financing pressures. Governments globa
may use a variety of measures to control costs, including, among others, legislative or regulatory pricing reforms, cross country collaboration and procurement, price cuts, mandat
rebates, health technology assessments, forced localization as a condition of market access, “international reference pricing’ (i.e., the practice of a country linking its regulated
medicine prices to those of other countries), QCE processes and VBP. In addition, the intemational patchwork of price regulation, differing economic conditions and incomplete va
assessments across countries has led to varying access to quality medicines in many markets and some third-party trade in our products between countries. Several important
multilateral organizations such as the WHO scrutinize international pharmaceutical pricing through policy recommendations and sponsorship of programs, such as “The Oslo
Medicines Initiative” (OM!) which aims to ensure “affordability for high-priced medicines". The OMI concluded its work in September 2022, and the WHO/Europe Access to Novel
Medicines Platform was established to enhance affordable and equitable access to effective, innovative and high-priced medicinal products in the region.

In China, pricing pressures have increased in recent years because of an overall focus on healthcare cost containment with the central government emphasizing improved health
‘outcomes and decreased drug prices as key indicators of progress towards its healthcare reform. State owned hospitals and the state insurance program account for the vast
‘majority of all drug purchases. For patented innovative products, drug prices have decreased dramatically as a result of adding innovative drugs (including oncology medicines,
medicines for children and orphan drugs) to the National Reimbursement Drug List via access-price negoliation. A centralized VBP program with a tendering process aims to cont
healthcare costs by driving utilization of generics that have passed QCE. This has resulted in further lowering the price of medicines, especially off-patent medicines; this trend is
expected to continue. China is increasing its use of Health Technology Assessment and is controlling mark-ups within the country using a two-invoice limited system, which is a
government policy that regulates the pricing of pharmaceutical products and medical devices. Pfizer, along with most off-patent originators, have mostly not been successful in the
VBP bidding process. The government has indicated that additional post-LOE drugs (including biological products) could be subjected to VBP qualification in future rounds. Certai
of our products, such as Sulperazon and Vfend injectables, were included as candidates in VBP rounds in 2023, and Pfizer was not successful in the bidding process for such
products. While certain details of future QCE expansion have been made available, we are unable to determine the impact on our business of the various pricing measures
underway.

Healthcare Provider Transparency and Disclosures. Several countries have implemented laws requiring (or industry trade associations have recommended) disclosure of transfer
value made by pharmaceutical companies to healthcare providers and/or healthcare organizations, such as academic teaching hospitals,

Intellectual Property, Reliable patent protection and enforcement around the world are among the key factors we consider for continued business and R&D investment. The WTO
Agreement on Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (WTO-TRIPS) requires participant countries to provide patent and other intellectual property-related protectio:
for pharmaceutical products by law, with a time-limited exemption provided for least-developed countries. While some countries have made improvements, we still face patent gra
enforcement and other intellectual property challenges in many countries.

While the global intellectual property policy environment has generally improved following implementation of WTO-TRIPS and bilateral/multilateral trade agreements, our growth
abilty to bring new product innovation to patients depends on maintaining those standards and further progress in intellectual property protection. In certain developed internation
markets, governments maintain relatively effective intellectual property policies. However, in the EU, pursuant to the ongoing review of pharmaceutical intellectual property and
regulatory incentives, proposals introduced in 2023 may reduce the basic period of regulatory data protection from eight to six years, subject to the outcome of the ongoing
legislative procedure. In several emerging market countries, governments have used intellectual property policies as a tool to force innovators to accept less than fair value for
medicines, as well as to advance industrial policy and localization goals. Multilateral institutions continue to address the role of intellectual property in the context of the COVID-19
response, as well as pandemic preparedness and access to medicine more generally.

Considerable political and economic pressure has weakened current intellectual property protection in some countries and has led to policies such as more restrictive standards fi
obtaining patents and more difficult procedures for patenting biopharmaceutical inventions, restrictions on patenting certain types of inventions, revocation of patents, laws or
regulations that promote or provide broad discretion to issue a compulsory license, weak intellectual property enforcement and failure to implement effective regulatory data
protection. Our industry advocacy efforts focus on seeking a fair and transparent business environment for foreign manufacturers, underscoring the importance of strong intellect.
property systems for all innovative industries (both domestic and foreign) and helping improve patients’ access to innovative medicines and vaccines.

Data Privacy. We are subject to extensive privacy and data protection laws and regulations around the world concerning the collection, use and sharing of personal data. We
routinely collect and use sensitive personal information relating to digital health. The legislative, regulatory and litigation landscape for privacy and data protection requirements is
rapidly evolving and changing. These requirements are not universal and can conflict between jurisdictions. Compliance with those laws and regulations is made more complex b:
the lack of consistent standards, common definitions, or clear regulatory expectations. At the same time, enforcement of these laws and regulations is increasing and fines and
penalties are also increasing. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including cybersecurity breaches o:
incidents, could subject us to significant fines and penalties, litigation, and negatively impact our reputation.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

ur operations are affected by national, state and/or local environmental laws. We have made, and intend to continue to make, the expenditures necessary for compliance with
applicable laws. We also are cleaning up environmental contamination from past industrial activity at certain sites. We incurred capital and operational expenditures in 2023 for
environmental compliance purposes and for the clean-up of certain past industrial activity as follows: $92 million in environment-related capital expenditures and $158 million in ot
environment-related expenses.

While capital expenditures or operating costs for environmental compliance cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently anticipate they will have a material effect on oui
capital expenditures or financial position. See also Note 1643.

As a science guided organization, we take a proactive approach to our environmental sustainability initiatives. In 2022, we announced a new goal to further reduce greenhouse gé
(GHG) emissions and achieve the Science Based Target Initiative’s voluntary Net-Zero Standard by 2040. As part of this goal, Pfizer aims to decrease its GHG emissions by 95%
and its value chain emissions by 90% from 2019 levels by 2040. To support our goal, we are developing and implementing our emission reduction plan, which will include strategir
to achieve reductions throughout our value chain including investing in new technologies and innovative climate solutions, and setting expectations for our suppliers to establish
science-aligned GHG emission reduction goals. Our emission reduction plan-related expenses and capital spending incurred for 2023 were not


material to our consolidated financial statements. While we expect to incur incremental capital and operational expenditures to meet our goal, we do not currently anticipate they v
have a material effect on our financial position in the near term. Longer term uncertainties such as the likelihood of commercially available technologies make it difficult to predict t
financial impact of meeting the goal, and we will continue to assess and monitor the financial impact of the emission reduction plan,

For a discussion of the risks associated with climate change and our environmental initiatives, see the item 1A, Risk Factors—Climate Change and Sustainability section.

OUR PEOPLE

Our purpose is: Breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. These breakthroughs are delivered through the collaboration of our talented workforce. As of December 31, 2023,
including Seagen colleagues, we employed approximately 88,000 people worldwide, with approximately 35,000 based in the U.S. Women compose approximately 52% of our glo
workforce, and approximately 39% of our U.S.-based employees are individuals with ethnically diverse backgrounds.

Our continued success links directly to the commitment, engagement and performance of our employees. It is important that we not only attract and retain the best and brightest
talent, but also ensure they remain engaged and can thrive in an environment that is committed to helping them grow, succeed and contribute :ctly to achieving our purpose. A’
Pfizer, prioritizing a positive colleague experience is of utmost importance, particularly during times of business transformation. We were conscious of the impact that the challeng
and opportunities facing our business throughout the year had on colleagues. Our goal is to prioritize the health and weliness of our colleagues, creating an environment where
colleagues can excel in their work and advance our purpose. To achieve this, we strive to cultivate an inclusive and empowering work environment. This involves simplifying
processes and eliminating unnecessary complexity, recognizing both performance and leadership skills, fostering career growth and internal mobility, and providing competitive
‘compensation and benefits programs that promote mental and physical well-being.

Core Values. To fully realize Pfizer's purpose we have established a clear set of goals regarding what we need to achieve for patients and how we will go about achieving them. T
“now’ is represented by four simple, powerful company core values — Courage, Excellence, Equity and Joy.

Each value defines our company and our culture:

* Courage: Breakthroughs start by challenging convention — especially in the face of uncertainty or adversity. This happens when we think big, speak up and are decisive.

+ Excellence: We can only change patients’ lives when we perform at our best together. This happens when we focus on what matters, agree who does what and measure
outcomes.

+ Equity: Every person deserves to be seen, heard and cared for. This happens when we are inclusive, act with integrity and reduce healthcare disparities.

+ Joy: We give ourselves to our work, and it also gives to us. We find joy when we take pride, recognize one another and have fun.

Diversity, Equity and inclusion. At Pfizer, every person deserves to be seen, heard and cared for. We embed diversity, equity and inclusion in our workplace and our purpose of
delivering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. As we work to bring together people with different backgrounds, perspectives and experiences we take specific actions to hel
foster an inclusive environment within Pfizer and beyond, including, among others: (i) building a more inclusive colleague experience through representation and meaningful
connections; (i) advancing equitable health outcomes by evaluating our work through the lens of the communities we serve, (ii) providing resources on allyship and the science
behind inclusion to support all colleagues in having courageous conversations about equity, race and the avoidance of iv) working to help transform society with external
diversity, equity and inclusion partnerships, including deploying capital, engaging diverse suppliers and amplifying equi ives; and (v) working to help ensure demographics «
clinical trials correlate to those of the countries where trials are taking place.

Colleague Engagement. To attract, develop and inspire the brightest talent, we aim to support our colleagues by engaging and partnering with them to help ensure they feel they «
part of a community. We understand that continuously listening and responding to colleague feedback is essential to fostering a healthy work environment particularly during time:
change and uncertainty. We are passionate about creating safe spaces at work so our employees feel able and encouraged to provide the company with feedback. The Office of |
Ombuds is a resource where all Pfizer colleagues at any level can come to get information and guidance to help them address and resolve work-related issues. We also host
company-wide safe space calls and provide various other public, private and anonymous channels for employees to share feedback without fear of retaliation.

Our annual engagement survey, Pfizer Pulse, provides a forum for our colleagues to give structured feedback about their colleague experience. Through this survey, we measure
and track priority areas of the overall colleague experience and equip leaders with actionable insights for discussion and follow up. Regular topics in the survey include: (i) employ
engagement, such as colleagues’ commitment to and advocacy for Pfizer, (ii) purpose, including how colleagues’ work connects with our purpose; (ii) inclusion, such as having a

climate in which diverse perspectives are valued; (iv) empowerment, such as colleagues feeling empowered and enabled to do their best work together; and (v) growth, including

ability for colleagues to gain new experiences that align with their individual career goals. In addition, we ask for feedback at various points in the employee lifecycle through surve
focus groups and colleague forums. The information we receive helps enable us to adapt to the real-time needs of our employees and continuously improve our ways of working.

While we have already made progress in reducing bureaucracy and streamlining processes, we recognize that there is still room for improvement, particularly in the effectiveness
our cross-functional teams.

‘Throughout 2023, we have developed and tested a new approach that aims to expedite decision-making, provide clarity in roles and responsibilities, enhance governance, redefir
the role of a leader, and ultimately improve overall team productivity and performance. This new way of working signifies our commitment to becoming a more dynamic organizatit
that thrives on collaboration and agility. By revolutionizing the way our teams operate, we believe we can drive better business outcomes and, most importantly, make a meaningh
difference in the lives of people around the world.

Pfizer also prioritizes colleague recognition to drive engagement, a sense of belonging, motivation, and productivity. Our global rewards and recognition program, Bravo, lets
colleagues celebrate and acknowledge each other for demonstrating Pfizer values in a way that makes an impact on the company, a colleague, a team or a patient. In 2023, 84%
colleagues were recognized, and more than 650,000 recognitions were given.


“DU 487d

sonjewaye
4809 Jamo} asn 0} sjuAHed s19tp Jo B10W eALUp 0} enUNUOD Key) Se SioKed AYEd-pil) aJeAUd Woy aunssesd BuloUd J}eeL6 aoe) Kew Om ‘eIquIteAe Ajoy]gnd ewodaq SeoUd Ye! OU

2 pue “JayLsny SajepH}osuoD Jee JoKed Ayed-punn aieAlsd “S’n AlN Sy “auloIpawW papuesg Je/NOMed e 0} Ssaode BuInIUad aJ0J0q sjonposd JayJO a1OU! 10 BUD UO |!8j 1S1y 0} UATE
\y Buuinbas Jo yanpoid papuesg & 40} uoyeZuOUNNe JoUud BuuInbad sjoo} juswWeGeuUeW LONeZINN Bulsodwi AjBulseaioU! os|e ale SJoKed Yong ‘foUaIoIYs S09 pue SYOY JUatUHE|LOD
1809 sey} exoudw! 0} BuN}2e U0 /6uIoud paseq-enyen pue Buloud paseq-uonedipu! 's}s!) UoIsN|oxe 's¥20/q Jx/eWU-O}-MEU Se YONS SeinseaUl |eUOMIPpE asn osje SioKed Ayed-puyL

-sajeqa! Jo Jau Buroud ajqesoney ye yuawiade|d Arejnuoy YoNS Ule\GO 0} He} 40 “sjonpoud sno Jo juaLade|d AyeINWIOS Jo Buloud ayenbape Jo Ajouiy UlEWUIELI JO UIE}GO
lies Aew any “senneusayje 2u@U96 1S09-sM0} sOneY 0} way) asneo Aew Ue S}S09 UONdUOSANd 1104) Jo LONIOd JaBie} e 10} Ked ay) Se ‘Se0!049 UONeDIPpaUi UI ndul pue SeoUd Grup Ul
Ye/ayU! SsawNSUOD paseasoU! aAeY SaAyeNlU! aS@Y| “Se!S]eNS ]UaUIUIE}UOD-1S09 jo jUaUUdoJanep UI }SaaTU! 4OKed pasee.oU! payesuab sey os|e ‘s}anpoud jeonnaoeweYd yo SadAy
jo 0} paseduioo se soo JayBuy Ajaanejan e Um AljeoidAy ‘suoIpUCD Buluayeasyy 2}]] Jo a1es ea) JU) SauIDIPaW jeonnadeUUeYd Ajje~Dads eAeAoUU! Jo asn pue Aigeliene BuImo.6

uy “Aseinuoy Brup e Uo juawade|d paxiajaid 10) sJasnjoejnUeW jeonnadeuLeYdolg Woy Sajeqas PUEWap AeW Kay “WuaLuade|d Ale|NWJJO4 Jo BULEYS }S09 'sj00) JusWaBeUeW
uoneziinn ‘saiqnonpap jo asn ayy YBno.y) BuIpnjoul ‘s6nup uleyeo Jo UONezIIIN aBeiNCDUa PUE $1509 [0.109 0} SoLe|NULHO} AoKdWa A\Bu|seas0U! ‘sjuaLULOAOB [eepay PUE

‘97218 yum Buoje ‘Kaw pue ‘uonepyosucs 0} anp pasee.oul sey Sioked AWed-pulyy aJeAUid JOU}O Ue SODIN Jo 48Mod BueNOBau eyA “s}onpoid jeonnadeueydolg 40} axe js9BI0}
ajGuls 2uy "Sf ay Ui SBrup jo s}soo pue UONeZIInN ay; aGeUEW o} LONDE Bye} 0} sNUNUOD ‘sWgd SB YONs ‘sannus aed pabeuew sayjo puke ‘sue;d yWeay Se Yons ‘suoked B]eAUG

SON3UL 34V9 GIDVNV
ISNOLLWESdO UNV ABISNGNT ‘SSANISNE UNO O1 GSLVISe SHSTE
uonoes SIMSOY SINMy DALY AW Tey SIOWET Pus VOVEUIOILT GUDIOO TF PIEMIOZ 24) u) passnosip se ‘sjuawo}e}s Buryoo}

BMIOY SUIBIUOD $40}98) ¥SU JO UOISSNISIp Buymo}joj ey, ‘AEM jeUE)eW B UI AyenUB}Od ‘@sNjNj BY) UI pue MOU pa}2eye AjaSJeApR aq PjnoD SBuNe: j/peJ9 40 UOHE)Ndes 's}edsod ‘sMoY
3e9 '(Snseu jeoueUy sno Jo sjuauoduiod Gulpnjou) synse1 Bunesedo ‘uonpuod jeoueUy ‘suonesedo ssausnq sno ‘ezyeUe}eW SeluIeLeOUN JO SYSU UMOUYUN 40 UMOUY JI 'S19)SeSIp
Jeineu pue sayjeam auiayjxa ‘sjuana jeanjodoa6 ‘suojpuoo 21u0UOIa Se Yyans ‘AUedwOd Aue o} e/qea)dde SySu jesUB6 0} 1DaIgns s} SsauIsnq sno ‘AjeUONPPY ‘SenuTeyeoUN

40 S¥SU jeNua}od je Jo UOISSNosip @}/d.UWOD @ @q 0} JeAL JOU s} BuIMO}/Oy By) Jey} PU S10}2e4 YONs We AnUEp! 10 j2!ped 0} 4/Q/SSOd JOU S! J! JPY} BJEME 2g PINOYs S10}SEAU]

“03S eu) yum sGumy s04)0 sno pue Yodas S14) UJ LONeULIOJU Z8yIO BY) 0} UONIPPE UI Aynja18D pArapISUOD Bq PINOYS YDIYM ‘SSaUISNG NO O} SYSU /eUBJEUI BY) SqUISAp UOI}OaS SY)

SYOLOVS MSIY “WEWALI

“siseq jenuue ue uo Aunba
‘ed uo jou19nd odes pue yonpuod om pue Uo}e90) pue ‘eaUEWO}Ied ‘eouauadxe ‘UONeoNpe ‘2/01 UO paseq se@o|dwe Jo} 174d Je SeD}}2eId Aed a/qeyNbe 0} payWOD ase aN
uOpHOM pareAloU AjYBIY PUB AAISNjOU! ‘asJanip e pling o} enUNUOD oj UORUaIU! Ino pUe AyNb Jo @njeA sno UI paseg s! SenBeaI|oo |\e 10) Aynba Aed 0} JUBUN}WLICD NG AyNby Ae

“sao\yo 1290] s104) pue ewoY WO. 10m 0} Saakojdwse BuI]qQeUe Se1D1/0d 10M 9/q)xaY (uA) PU ‘Jo1}04 J9}SeSIp eINJeU Ue SEO] WE}-YOUS BUIPNpU! ‘Yoddns jeroUEUY (1A) ‘odo
Jauyed aseoyijeay pue ‘sox3 Jeuyed ssauny sno ‘SAHA Jaused Yeay [eUAW sno Bulpnppul ‘syapiAaid (q¥3) WesBo1g eoURIsissy eaXojduy YBnosLy BulWLWesBoud (A) ‘Woddns
‘ssa008 0) Saako|dWe Jo} SAosNOSas [290] ApIAOId PUE 'SJA¥JOMOD JO} A129 AJANOE ‘SUOESIEAUOD a}e}I1!08} 0} PAUBlsap yn4}00) WeayabeueW e 6ulpnjou! ‘seosnosel yjeay jeUaW

(ni) ‘Aieanseya sqof s18y) op 0} juausdinba pue sjoo} aty seniigesip WIM SaeXojdwa apiroid yeu Sejed Ayiq!ssa9e jeUBIp (IN) ‘me] Aq PaMOE 14M 'SUONIEUIDDEA UleyEd 0} Ssa00e
{Nim ‘suoged0} 19915 U! SaNBea!!OD 40) soIUN}O yTJeaY ay1S-UO (11) ‘anBeajoo Arona 40) Aeq SSouljan e (1) Se YONs JeYO aM SaOINUAS SSAUIjam ay) WUOJU! 0} SWINIO} YOeGpaa; aaXojdwa
1y}O pue BsiNd J8z\1q WO} SyNSaJ asn pue Buiaq-jj9m ,sanBea|joo sno Bulbesnooua pue Bumoddns 0} payluiwos aie am ‘j}eqo|6 suonesado sno ssosoe S¥s11 SH3 JO UONEBHIW Ue

“uOneUIWHe “UORENene 'JueWSSesse 0} yoeoudde ino eul|INo spsepueys Bunsoddns pue Aa!joq4 (SH3) A@Jeg B YNeEeH ‘}UaWUOIIAUZ JeGo|d ING ‘ayeJedo am Moy jo Ved jesBayuI UE
{"sannoalgo ssauisng sno Buuanijap 0} jenuassa ase WOUM jo {Ie 'S194J0™ jUaBUNLOD pue SenBEAI}09 jo Bulaq-jam pue Ajajes 'WNeay a4) BuNaIOlg ‘Buag-/oM pue Aejes ‘WJeoH

“sys ABo}ouyo9) pue eoueuy ‘Buun}sejnueW ‘sseuisng jesoUd6 se Jom se ‘BulWea}

syoads-qo! pue -Aujsnpu! pue sis juawaBeuew pue diysiepea} Suipnjout ‘soidoy Jo AjaUeA v ssauppe yeu) Skemyjed BuILJe9) pazijeuossod pue BUUBaIUNIOn paseg-I)¥s ‘sjoo/o1d
jenuauadxa ‘suonejo: gof ‘Suvojuaws Buipnjour ‘suiesBosd Bulusea} pue s19\JO YM SUOIDaULCD ‘seauELAdxe YENoILY MOIB 0} Sen|UN Odo Jo AyaLEA e (11!) PUR “aIGEILEAE YPMOIE JO
vaunos 24) uo Aouaiedsuen 140 pue SuoNesianvod yymo16 aBesnoaue 0} Seosnosa! PUE }00} (1 yay} Ayuap! SenBeayoo djay oj—yomawey BuypinB
© ym Guofe—yymou6 punose a6enGue] uous e (!) GuIpnjout ‘sanBeayjoo je 40) suyjed yymoub seeve9 ,6e7-612, 1eaUl}-uoU @Beunodue 0} SUONDe Dy!DedS Jo }sISUOD jUaUIdo|enep
NBeeI!09 0} sjuAWIWLIOD 3G "yyMosB ,6ez-B1z, BuNI]eD ase am JeyYM—sheMuTed paz\|enpiNpU! |EUOBeIp JO eONLOA ‘JejUOZUOY BuO]e AjjGoW Jo YAMOIB 2[03-U! |e]UeWIes0U! se}oWOUd
yely ssa00sd piny e se YMOIB euyapas o| sYOYa no pauadaap am ‘KaUINO! YPKOB JIOLY UMO Aipjoq 0} S|ENpIAIpUI SJamodwa pue SUONEsIdse UO yINg S| YMOIb 12—12D Jo MAIA INE

“Aysnpul jeannaoewseyd

@l 0} BANLIaJ Sayed JAAOUIN) AJEJUNJOA MO} UIEIUIEW 0} PanuNUOD Om ‘EZOZ UI “UOHDeYsNeS qo! jjes9A0 pue ‘Ayayonposd "jUsWebebue s194) 0} |ENUASSe st YMOI6 pUe BuIP!NG-IKS
“Bulusea| 40} sanlunyoddo ym saafojdua sno Bulpisoid yey) aziuBoo—1 am ‘AySNpUl sNo Jo adeospue| BUIAJOAS diy B}EBIAEU aM Sy “@BUEYD Jo 20k) BU) UI BAL) UED Ey) BD!0pIOM
aigeidepe pue jusiiisay  ayeanino osje 1nq ss@00ns jenpNpU! sietn Woddns AIuo JOU am ‘seafojdwa sno yo yuauidojanap BuyoBuo oy) Burznuoud Ag juewdojanag pue ymo1D

“yenuayod sain pue sje05 99129 s104) Bummyiry sp1emo) sanGeaij09 enow diay yey yyMOIB

Jo seave GurAyquep! pue “(Aof pue Ayinbe ‘eoualjaoxo ‘aBeinco jo sanjen s,8zZU14 JuNoDDe oyu! Bulye} "| Paraiyoe Aayy mou) diysiepeey ‘(SewOD}No kq painseew ‘panaiyoe aneajoo
1 1eYM) eouewo}iad Bunenjers hq dojanap pue mob sanBealjoo djay 0) jueSW ae SUOK}eSJaNUOD esoy) “eoUEWUO}Jed SsNOSIp 0} Jeauu Pue ¥eqP29} anl2081 ‘sjeO6 jas s1eBeUEW!
4194) pue SanBealjoo sno yom BuliNp siejsewas YjUOW-xIS Uo paseg si—s}yBisu diysiepee7 pue exUeWJOed pajjleo—yoeoidde juewebeueW eoUeUO}ad ING ‘juaWdojenep
ue YyMos6 105 samunpoddo Buipinosd Aq pue siir4s diysiopeo] pue ecUEWO}ed 1164) YJOG BuIpreMes Aq [eNNUA}Od {Iny 4194 YOBAI SaNBEOI/O9 sno Buidjoy 0} pay|uWOD e1e eA

“yonoy £oy) Sent! a4) UO joedW! annsod e pue SewoD;no

72q 0} pea} djay Aew yoium ‘asodind pue suoeyag ‘senjen s,Auedwioo oy) UWIM paubye a1e sanGea|joo pue siape9r sy! Jeu aINSUA djay UD 18zZy¢ Analjaq am ‘samtenb diysiepeay
‘sayy Buinsind kg “eoualjeoxe jeuonndexe pue Burjuny feuonewio}sueN J9}S0} 0} sn diay Aew YoIya ‘sanBeayjoo j1e 0} seyidde diyssepeay UO SNo0} pamaua SIM) enaliag 2M

‘fol pue Aynbe ‘eouaij20xe ‘aBeunoo Jo sanjen Auedwoo sno jim suBye yey senBeajoo

4No 40} aiyoud diyssepea] mau e padojanap eney om ‘Jol/0q Sik Hoddns o4 “9129s eqoIB e Uo Joedu1 jnjGuIUeeW e @}ee19 pue Aem anbiun € Ul pea} 0} jenUajod au) sey senBearjoo
0 Jo yoke Jey) eAatjaq a” “s}INSas YBNosYPYeAIq BULIeAH]EP PUE YOJE BuNOWLOLd UI d/04 je!onJO sj pUE diYssepee| Jo eoUEDYIUBIS e4y pue}S/epUN eMA ‘diY'siapeO7 PUB eoUeLUOLEd


or seek even larger rebates to control costs or offset losses from the IRA, For additional information on the IRA, see the Item 1. Business—Govemment Regulation and Price
Constraints section.

‘Also, business arrangements in this area are subject to a high degree of government scrutiny, and available safe harbors under applicable federal and state fraud and abuse laws
are subject to change through legislative and regulatory action, as well as evolving judicial interpretations. Our approach to these arrangements may also be informed by such
government and industry guidance.

COMPETITIVE PRODUCTS

Competitive product launches have and may erode future sales of our products, including our existing products and those currently under development, or result in product
‘obsolescence. Such launches continue to occur, and potentially competitive products are in various stages of development. We cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact
the introduction of competitive products that treat or prevent diseases and conditions like those treated or prevented by our in-line products and product candidates.

Some of our competitors may have competitive, technical or other advantages over us for the development of technologies and processes or greater experience in particular
therapeutic areas, and consolidation among certain pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can enhance such advantages. These advantages may make it difficult for us t«
compete with them successfully to discover, develop and market new products and for our current products to compete with new products or indications they may bring to market,
Our products have been competing and may continue to compete, and our product candidates may compete, against products or product candidates that offer higher rebates or
discounts, exclusionary contracting, lower prices, equivalent or superior efficacy, better safety profiles, easier administration, earlier market availability or other competitive feature
If we are unable to compete effectively, this could reduce sales, which could negatively impact our results of operations.

In addition, competition from manufacturers of generic drugs, including from generic versions of competitors’ branded products that lose their market exclusivity, is a major challen
for our branded products. Certain of our products have experienced significant generic competition over the last few years. We anticipate a more significant impact of reduced
revenues from patent expiries in 2026 through 2030 as several of our in-line products experience patent-based expirations. See the /tem 1, Business—Patents and Other Intellec!
Property Rights section. In China, we expect to continue to face intense competition by certain generic manufacturers, which has resulted, and may result in the future, in price cu
and volume loss of some of our products.

In addition, our patented products may face generic or biosimilar competition before patent exclusivity expires, including from “at-risk” launch (despite pending patent infringement
litigation against the generic or biosimilar product) by a manufacturer of a generic or biosimilar version of one of our patented products. Generic and biosimilar manufacturers havi
filed or could file applications with the FOA seeking approval of product candidates that they claim do not infringe our or our collaboration and licensing partners’ patents or claim t
our or our collaboration and licensing partners’ patents are not valid. We and our licensing and collaboration partners also face challenges in various jurisdictions by generic drug
manufacturers to patents covering products for which we have patent rights, licenses or co-promaotion rights. See Note 16A1.

We may become subject to competition from biosimilars referencing our biologic products if competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for such biosimilars.

We also commercialize biosimilar products that compete with products of others, including other biosimilar products. The entry to the market of competing biosimilars is expected
increase pricing pressures on our biosimilar products. Uptake of our biosimilars may be lower due to various factors, such as anti-competitive practices, access challenges where
‘our product may not receive appropriate coverage/reimbursement access or remains in a disadvantaged position relative to an innovator product, physician reluctance to prescrib
biosimilars for existing patients taking the reference product, or misaligned financial incentives for certain prescribers.

For additional information on competition our products face, see the tem 1. Business—Competition section.

CONCENTRATION

We recorded direct product and/or Alliance revenues of more than $1 billion for each of nine products that collectively accounted for 64% of Total revenues in 2023. In particular,
Comirnaty accounted for 19% of Total revenues in 2023. See Notes 1 and 17. If these products or any of our other major products were to, or continue to (if applicable), experienc
loss of patent protection (if applicable), changes in prescription or vaccination purchasing or growth rates, reduced product demand, material product liability litigation, unexpectec
side effects or safety concerns, regulatory proceedings or investigations, lower governmental and/or regulatory confidence, negative publicity affecting doctor or patient confidenc
pressure from competitive products, changes in labeling, pricing and access pressures or supply shortages or if a new, more effective product should be introduced, the adverse
impact on our revenues could be significant and our revenue forecasts and expectations could prove to be inaccurate and we may fail to meet these expectations. In particular,
certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss of regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years. We anticipate a more significant impact
reduced revenues from patent expiries in 2026 through 2030 as several of our in-line products experience patent-based expirations. In addition, patents covering a number of our
best-selling products are, or have been, the subject of pending legal challenges. For additional information on our patents, see the /tem 1, Business—Patents and Other intellectu
Property Rights section. For Comimaty and Paxlovid, while we believe that these products have the potential to provide ongoing revenue streams for Pfizer for the foreseeable
future, revenues of these products following the COVID-19 pandemic have decreased substantially, and our current expectations for total COVID-19 product revenues in 2024 are
lower than the total 2023 revenues from COVID-19 products. For information on risks associated with Comimaty and Paxlovid, see the COVID-19 section below.

In addition, certain of our customers account for a significant portion of our revenues. If one of our significant customers should encounter financial or other difficulties, it might
decrease the amount of business such customer does with us and/or we might be unable to timely collect all the amounts that such customer owes us or at all, which could
negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, we expect that consolidation and integration of pharmacy chains and wholesalers will increase competitive and pricing
pressures on pharmaceutical manufacturers, including us. See Note 17C for a discussion of our significant customers.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

The discovery and development of new products, as well as the development of additional uses for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our business. Or
product lines must be replenished over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share or to respond to healthcare and innovation trends, as well as
provide for earnings growth, primarily through internal R&D or through collaborations, acquisitions, JVs, licensing or other arrangements. Growth depends in large part on our abil
to identify and develop

2023 Form 10-K


new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs and receive reimbursement from payors. However, balancing current growth, investment
future growth and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. The costs of product development continue to be high and are growing, as are regulatory
requirements in many therapeutic areas, which may affect the complexity of drug trials, and the number of candidates we are able to fund as well as the sustainability of the R&D
portfolio. Decisions made early in the development process of a drug or vaccine candidate can have a substantial impact on the marketing strategy and payor reimbursement
possibilities if the candidate receives regulatory approval. We try to plan clinical trials prudently and to reasonably anticipate and address challenges, but there is no assurance th:
an optimal balance between trial conduct, speed and desired outcome will be achieved.

Additionally, our product candidates can fail at any stage of the R&D process, and may not receive regulatory approval even after many years of R&D. We may fail to correctly
identify compounds or indications for which our science is promising or allocate R&D investment resources efficiently, and failure to invest in the right technology platforms,
therapeutic areas, product classes, geographic markets and/or licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. Further, even if we identify areas wit
the greatest commercial potential, the scientific approach may not succeed despite the significant investment required for R&D, and the product may not be as competitive as
expected because of the highly dynamic regulatory and market environments and the hurdles in terms of access, coverage and reimbursement. For example, certain of our gene
therapy product candidates are based on a novel technology with only a handful of gene therapies approved to date, which make it difficult to predict the time and cost of
development and the ability to obtain regulatory approval,

GLOBAL OPERATIONS

We operate on a global scale and could be affected by currency and interest rate fluctuations; capital and exchange controls; local and global economic conditions including inflati
recession, volatility and/or lack of liquidity in capital markets; expropriation and other restrictive government actions; changes in intellectual property; legal protections and remedi«
trade regulations; tax laws and regulations; and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for and access to our products, ¢
well as impacts of political or civil unrest or military action, including the ongoing conficts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and their economic consequences,
geopolitical instability, terrorist activity, unstable governments and legal systems, inter-governmental disputes, public health outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters or
disruptions related to climate change.

Some emerging market countries may be particularly vulnerable to periods of financial, economic or political instability or significant currency fluctuations or may have limited
resources for healthcare spending, As a result of these and other factors, our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and any growth rales in these markets,
may not be sustainable. Additionally, local economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of payors, as well as our distributors, customers, suppliers and service providers, t
pay for our products, or otherwise to buy necessary inventory or raw materials, and to perform their obligations under agreements with us.

Government financing and economic pressures can lead to negative pricing pressure in various markets where governments take an active role in setting prices, access criteria
(e.g., through health technology assessments) or other means of cost control. For additional information on government pricing pressures, see the /tem 1. Business—Governmen
Regulation and Price Constraints section.

We continue to monitor the global trade environment and potential trade conflicts and impediments that could impact our business. If trade restrictions or tariffs reduce global
economic activity, potential impacts could include declining sales; increased costs; volatility in foreign exchange rates; a decline in the value of our financial assets and pension pl
investments; required increases of our pension funding obligations; increased government cost control efforts; delays or failures in the performance of customers, suppliers and
other third parties on whom we may depend for the performance of our business; and the risk that our allowance for doubtful accounts may not be adequate.

We operate in many countries and transact in many different currencies. Changes in the value of those currencies relalive to the U.S. dollar, or high inflation or deftation in those
countries, can impact our revenues, costs and expenses and our financial guidance. Significant portions of our revenues, costs and expenses, as well as our substantial intematic
net assets, are exposed to exchange rate changes. 54% of our total 2023 revenues were derived from international operations, including 24% from Europe and 20% from Japan,
China and the rest of the Asia Pacific region. Future changes in exchange rates or economic conditions and the impact they may have on our results of operations, financial
condition or business are difficult to predict. For additional information about our exposure to foreign currency risk, see the Analysis of Financial Condition, Liquidity. Capital
Resources and Market Risk section within MD&A,

In addition, our borrowing, pension benefit and postretirement benefit obligations and interest-bearing investments are subject to risk from changes in interest and exchange rates
The risks related to interest-bearing investments and borrowings and the measures we have taken to help contain them are discussed in the Analysis of Financial Condition,
Liquidity. Capital Resources and Market Risk section within MD&A and Note 7E. For additional details on critical accounting estimates and assumptions for our benefit plans, see
‘Significant Accounting Policies and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions—Benefit Plans section within MD&A and Note 11.

PRODUCT MANUFACTURING, SALES AND MARKETING RISKS.

We could encounter difficulties, delays or inefficiencies in our supply chain, product manufacturing and distribution networks, as well as sales or marketing, due to regulatory actio
shut-downs, work stoppages or strikes, approval delays, withdrawals, recalls, penalties, supply disruptions, shortages or stock-outs at our facilities or third-party facilities that we r
on, reputational harm, the impact to our facilities due to health pandemics or natural or man-made disasters, including as a result of climate change, product liability or unanticipat
costs. Examples of such difficulties or delays include the inability to increase or maintain production capacity commensurate with demand; challenges related to component mater
to maintain supply and/or appropriate quality standards throughout our supply network and/or comply with applicable regulations; inability to supply certain products due to volunt
product recalls; and supply chain disruptions at our facilities or at a supplier or vendor. In addition, we engage contract manufacturers, and, from time to time, our contract
manufacturers may face difficulties or are unable to manufacture our products at the necessary quantity or quality levels.

Regulatory agencies periodically inspect our manufacturing facilities, as well as third-party facilities that we rely on, to evaluate compliance with cGMP or other applicable
requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements may subject us to possible legal or regulatory actions, such as warning letters, suspension of manufacturing, seizure of
product, injunctions, debarment, product recalls, delays or denials of product approvals, import bans or denials of import certifications.

In 2021, Pfizer recalled all lots of Chantix in the U.S. due to the presence of a nitrosamine, N-nitroso-varenicline, at or above the FDA interim acceptable intake limit. Regulatory
authorities outside the U.S. have issued updated guidance on nitrosamine acceptable intake levels. With this recently issued guidance, which included an updated intake level for

nitroso-vareniciine, we expect to make regulatory submissions in 2024 to potentially enable Chantix to retum to market outside the U.S., and our related discussions with FDA are
‘ongoing.

Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K "48


ur manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, NC was damaged by a tomado in July 2023. While manufacturing has resumed, the supply of medicines impacted by the tornado is
expected to be affected through 2024. See the Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Qutlook—Our Operating Environment section within MD&A.

COLLABORATIONS AND OTHER RELATIONSHIPS WITH THIRD PARTIES

We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, manufacturing and commercialization of our products and product candidates
and also enter into JVs and other business development transactions. To achieve expected longer-term benefits, we may make substantial upfront payments as part of these
transactions, which may negatively impact our earnings or cash flows. We rely heavily on these parties for multiple aspects of our drug development, manufacturing and
commercialization activities, but we do not control many aspects of those activities. We also outsource certain services, including activities related to transaction processing,
accounting, IT, manufacturing, clinical trial recruitment and execution, clinical lab services, non-clinical research, safety services, integrated facilities management and other areas
Failure by one or more of the third-party collaborators, service providers and others to complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations or to meet their
contractual or other obligations to us; failure of one or more of these parties to comply with applicable laws or regulations; disruptions in one or more of these parties’ businesses,
including unexpected demand for or shortage of raw materials or components, cyber-attacks on supplier systems, labor disputes or shortage and inclement weather, as well as
natural or man-made disasters or pandemics; or any disruption in the relationships between us and these parties have or could delay or prevent the development, approval,
manufacturing or commercialization of our products and product candidates, expose us to suboptimal quality of service delivery or deliverables, result in repercussions such as
missed deadlines or other timeliness issues, erroneous data and supply disruptions, and could also result in non-compliance with legal or regulatory requirements or industry
standards or subject us to reputational harm, all with potential negative implications for our product pipeline and business. Further, our Alliance revenues will be adversely affectec
by the termination or expiration of collaboration and co-promotion agreements that we have entered into and that we may enter into from time to time.

COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS

Our reputation, in-line and pipeline portfolios render our medicines and vaccines prime targets for counterfeiters. Counterfeits pose a significant risk to patient health and safety
because of the conditions under which they are manufactured—often in unregulated, unlicensed, uninspected, and unsanitary sites—as well as the lack of regulation of their
contents. Failure to mitigate this threat could adversely impact Pfizer's patients, potentially causing them harm. This situation, in turn, may result in the loss of patient confidence ir
the Pfizer name and in the integrity of our medicines and vaccines, and potentially impact our business through lost sales, product recalls, and possible litigation.

The prevalence of counterfeit medicines is an industry-wide issue due to a variety of factors, including the adoption of e-commerce. The increased adoption during the COVID-19
pandemic further exposed consumers to fake prescription treatments via the internet as access to traditional brick and mortar pharmacies or authorized full-service internet
pharmacies that offer authentic treatments may have been hindered, The internet exposes patients to greater risk as itis a preferred vehicle for dangerous counterfeit offers and
scams that target unsuspecting consumers. Traffic to these generally deceptive pharmacy sites is largely driven by misplaced trust in sophisticated internet retailers and social me
offers coupled with the convenience e-commerce affords consumers. Counterfeiters generally target any medicine or vaccine boasting strong demand and we have observed
heightened counterfeit and fraud attempts to our internal medicine portfolio, as well as products utilized in the treatment of COVID-19.

We consistently invest in an enterprise-wide strategy to aggressively combat counterfeit threats by educating patients and healthcare providers about the risks, investing in
innovative technologies to detect and disrupt sophisticated internet offers and scams, proactively monitoring and interdicting supply with the help of law enforcement, and advising
legislators and regulators. However, our efforts and those of others may not be entirely successful, and the presence of counterfeit medicines may continue to increase.

KS RELATED TO GOVERNMENT RE: ION AND LE‘ PROCEEI

PRICING AND REIMBURSEMENT

U.S. and international governmental regulations that mandate price controls or limitations on patient access to our products, create coverage criteria or establish prices paid by
government entities or programs for our products impact our business, and our future results could be adversely affected by changes in such regulations or policies. In addition to
the recent expansion of price controls in the U.S. in the IRA, the adoption of restrictive coverage policies and price controls in new jurisdictions, more restrictive controls in existing
jurisdictions or the failure to obtain or maintain timely or adequate coverage and pricing could also adversely impact revenue. We expect pricing pressures and other cost
containment measures for drugs and vaccines will continue globally.

In the U.S., pharmaceutical product pricing is subject to government and public scrutiny and calls for reform, and many of our products are subject to increasing pricing pressures
a result. We expect to see continued focus by the U.S. Congress and the Biden Administration on regulating pricing and access to medicine. For example, in August 2022, the dr.
pricing provisions of the IRA were signed into law, which, among other things, require manufacturers of certain drugs, including Pfizer, to engage in price negotiations with Medica
which will permit the CMS to set a maximum fair price for selected drugs, impose rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace
inflation, and replace the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program. The drug pricing provisions of the IRA began to be implemented in 2022 and
implementation efforts are expected to continue over the next several years. in August 2023, the Biden Administration unveiled the first round of medicines subject to the Medicart
Drug Pricing Negotiation Program, which included Eliquis. CMS will establish a maximum fair price for Etiquis that will be in effect in 2026. That maximum fair price will be require
be offered to all Medicare beneficiaries and to covered entities participating in the 340B Program if lower than the 3408 price. Health plans may also require rebates in addition to
the maximum fair price for preferred placement on a Medicare plan formulary. The Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program is currently subject to legal challenges and therefore
the outcome of the 340B Program remains uncertain. We continue to evaluate the impact of the IRA on our business, operations, financial condition and results as the full effect 0
the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain,

Payors may promote generic drugs and biosimilars more aggressively to generate savings and attempt to stimulate additional price competition. In addition, we expect that
consolidation and integration among pharmacy chains, wholesalers and PBMs will increase pricing pressures in the industry. Some states have implemented, and others are
considering, patient access constraints or cost cutting under state regulated programs including the Medicaid program. State legislatures also have continued to focus on address
drug costs, generally by increasing price transparency or attempting to limit drug price increases for state regulated insurance. Measures to regulate prices or payment for
pharmaceutical

2023 Form 10-K


Products, including legislation on drug importation, such as Florida's drug importation program which was recently approved by the FDA, could adversely affect our business. For
additional information on U.S. pricing and reimbursement, see the /tem 1, Business— Government Regulation and Price Constraints section.

We encounter similar regulatory and legislative issues in most other countries in which we operate. In certain markets, such as in EU member states, the U.K., Japan, China,
Canada and South Korea, governments have significant power as large single payors to regulate prices, access criteria, or impose other means of cost control, particularly as a
result of recent global financing pressures. For example, the QCE and VEP tender process in China has resulted in significant price cuts for off-patent medicines. Additionally, in t
EU, the EC proposed the largest reform to drug pricing and access in 20 years, which if enacted would change regulatory exclusivity for our products. For additional information
regarding these government initiatives, see the /tem 1. Business— Government Regulation and Price Constraints section. We anticipate that these and similar initiatives will contir
to increase pricing and access pressures globally. In addition, in many countries, with respect to our vaccines, we participate in a tender process for selection in national
immunization programs. Failure to secure participation in national immunization programs or to obtain acceptable pricing in the tender process could adversely affect our business
Pricing pressures have been, and we anticipate will continue to be, amplified by COVID-19 induced budget deficits and focus on pricing for COVID-19 treatments and vaccines.

U.S. HEALTHCARE REGULATION

The U.S. healthcare industry is highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes. Any significant additional efforts at the U.S. federal or state levels to reform the
healthcare system by changing the way healthcare is provided or funded could have a material impact on us. For additional information on U.S. healthcare regulation, see the /ter

1, Business—Government Regulation and Price Constraints section.

Other U.S. federal or state legislative or regulatory action and/or policy efforts could adversely affect our business, including, among others, general budget control actions, chang
in patent laws, the importation of prescription drugs to the U.S. at prices that are regulated by foreign governments, revisions to reimbursement of biopharmaceuticals under
government programs that could reference international prices or require new discounts, limitations on interactions with healthcare professionals and other industry stakeholders,
the use of comparative effectiveness methodologies that could be implemented in a manner that focuses primarily on cost differences and minimizes the therapeutic differences
among pharmaceutical products and restricts access to innovative medicines.

Any additional reduction of U.S. federal spending on entitlement programs beyond the IRA, including Medicare and Medicaid, may affect payment for our products or services
provided using our products. Any other significant spending reductions or cost controls affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs that m
be implemented could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. The IRA will be implemented largely through government guidance and as its effect on Medicare and
commercial markets evolve, we will continue to evaluate the potential impacts to our business.

We expect additional cost containment measures at both the federal and state levels as efforts to reduce drug costs continue. Further, commercial payors often follow Medicare
coverage policy and payment limitations when setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in cost or other containment measures may similarly be adopted by commercial plar
Coverage policies and reimbursement rates for commercial plans may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more
products, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future.

DEVELOPMENT, REGULATORY APPROVAL AND MARKETING OF PRODUCTS

The discovery and development of drugs, vaccines and biological products are time consuming, costly and unpredictable. The outcome is inherently uncertain and involves a high

degree of risk due to the following factors, among others:

+ The process from early discovery to design and adequate implementation of clinical trials to regulatory approval can take many years and have high costs.

+ We may have difficulties recruiting and enrolling patients for clinical trials on a consistent basis.

+ Product candidates can and do fail at any stage of the process, including as the result of unfavorable pre-clinical and clinical trial results, or unfavorable new pre-clinical or clini:
data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical or clinical data, including results that ‘May not support further clinical development of the product candidate or indication.

+ We may need to amend our clinical trial protocols or conduct additional clinical trials under certain circumstances, for example, to further assess appropriate dosage or collect
additional safety data.

+ We may not be able to meet anticipated pre-clinical or clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for our pre-clinical or clinical trials, regulatory submission dat
regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates.

+ We may not be able to successfully address all the comments received from regulatory authorities such as the FDA and the EMA, or be able to obtain approval for new product
and indications from regulators.

Regulatory approvals of our products depend on myriad factors, including regulatory determinations as to the product's safety and efficacy. In the context of public health
‘emergencies like the COVID-19 pandemic, regulators evaluate various factors and criteria to potentially allow for marketing authorization on an emergency or conditional basis.
Additionally, clinical trial and other product data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments by regulatory authorities. As a result of regulatory interpretations and
assessments or other developments that may occur during the review process, or even after a product is authorized or approved for marketing, a product's commercial potential
could be adversely affected by potential emerging concerns or regulatory decisions regarding or impacting the scope of indicated patient populations, labeling or marketing,
manufacturing processes, safety issues and/or other matters, including decisions relating to emerging developments regarding potential product impurities. Also, certain of our
products have received and may in the future receive approvals under accelerated approval pathways where continued approval may be contingent upon confirmatory studies
demonstrating the anticipated clinical benefit and/or safety profile.

We may not be able to receive or maintain favorable recommendations by technical or advisory committees, such as the ACIP or an FDA Advisory Committee, which may impact
availability or commercial potential of our products and product candidates. Further, claims and concerns that may arise regarding the safety and/or efficacy of in-line products anc
product candidates can negatively impact current or future product sales, as applicable, and potentially lead to product recalls or withdrawals, including regulator-directed risk
evaluations and assessments, and/or consumer fraud, product liability and other litigation and claims. Regulatory requirements may also result in a more challenging, expensive <
lengthy regulatory approval process than anticipated due to requests for, among other things, additional or more extensive clinical trials prior


to granting approval, or increased post-approval requirements. For these and other reasons discussed in this Risk Factors section, we may not obtain the approvals we expect wi!
the timeframe we anticipate, or at all. .

POST-AUTHORIZATION/APPROVAL DATA

As a condition to granting marketing authorization or approval of a product, the FDA may require, or the sponsor may voluntarily agree to undertake, post-marketing commitments
such as additional clinical trials or other studies. The results generated in these trials have in the past impacted certain of our products and could impact our products in the future
such as by resulting in the loss of marketing approval, changes in labeling, and/or new or increased concems about safety and/or efficacy, including newly discovered adverse
events. Regulatory agencies in countries outside the U.S. often have similar regulations and may impose comparable requirements, although there are differences between the U
the EU and other international regulatory requirements, which may contribute to inconsistency or uncertainty in the marketability of our products across different jurisdictions. Post
marketing studies and clinical trials, whether conducted by us or by others, whether mandated by regulatory agencies or conducted voluntarily, and other emerging data about
products, such as adverse event reports, may also adversely affect the availability or commercial potential of our products. Further, if safety or efficacy concems are raised about
product in the same class as one of our products, those concerns could implicate the entire class; and this, in turn, could have an adverse impact on the availability or commercial
viability of our product(s) as welll as other products in the class. The potential regulatory and commercial implications of post-marketing study results typically cannot immediately |
determined.

The terms of our EUA for Comimaty require that we conduct post-observational studies to evaluate the association between the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (Original
monovalent), Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine, Bivalent, and the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (2023-2024 Formula), and a pre-specified list of adverse events of specie
interest, including myocarditis and pericarditis, along with deaths and hospitalizations, and severe COVID-19. The required study populations include individuals specified in our
‘September 2023 authorization letter (reissued) as well as populations of interest, such as healthcare workers, pregnant women, immunocompromised individuals and
subpopulations with specific comorbidities. Additionally, in relation to the FDA approval for Comirnaty, we are required to complete certain postmarketing study requirements and
‘commitments through 2024 and beyond, In the FDA's revision to the EUA for Paxlovid, the FDA removed the post-authorization requirements as they were addressed as a post-
‘marketing commitment associated with the approval of the Paxlovid NDA. The terms of our Paxlovid EUA had previously required monitoring of a genomic database(s) for the
emergence of global viral variants of SARS-CoV-2 and providing reports to the FDA on a monthly basis summarizing any findings. Also, the FDA required Pfizer to assess the acti
of the authorized Paxlovid against any global SARS-CoV-2 variant(s) of interest and complete certain other analyses and studies as identified in our October 2022 EUA.

LEGAL MATTERS

We are and may be involved in various legal proceedings, including patent litigation, product liability and other product-related litigation, including personal injury, consumer, off-lal
promotion, securities, antitrust and breach of contract claims, commercial and other asserted and unasserted matters, environmental, government and tax investigations,
‘employment, tax litigation and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Litigation is inherently unpredictable, and excessive
verdicts do occur. Although we believe that our claims and defenses in matters in which we are a defendant are substantial, we have in the past and could in the future incur
judgments, enter into settlements or revise our expectations regarding the outcome of certain matters, and such developments could have a material adverse effect on our results
operations.

Claims against our patents include challenges to the coverage and/or validity of our patents on various products or processes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of
these matters, and a loss in any of these cases could result in a loss of patent protection for the product at issue, which could lead to a significant loss of sales of that product and
could materially affect future results of operations.

We are also involved in government investigations that arise in the ordinary course of our business. There continues to be a significant volume of government investigations and
litigation against companies operating in our industry, both in the U.S. and around the world. Government investigations and actions have and could result in substantial criminal ¢
Civil fines and/or criminal charges, limitations on our ability to conduct business in applicable jurisdictions, corporate integrity or deferred prosecution agreements and other
disciplinary actions, as well as reputational harm, including as a result of increased public interest in the matter. In addition, in a qui tam lawsuit in which the government declines '
intervene, the relator may still pursue a suit for the recovery of civil damages and penalties on behalf of the government.

Our sales and marketing activities, the pricing of our products and other aspects of our business are subject to extensive regulation under the FFDCA, the Medicaid Drug Rebate
Program, the FCPA and other federal and state statutes, including those discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, as well as the Anti-Kickback Statute, anti-bribery laws, the False
Claims Act, and similar laws in international jurisdictions. In addition to the potential for changes to relevant laws, the compliance and enforcement landscape is informed by
government litigation, settlement precedent, advisory opinions, and special fraud alerts. Our approach to certain practices may evolve over time in light of these types of
developments.

Requirements or industry standards in the U.S. and certain jurisdictions abroad require pharmaceutical manufacturers to track and disclose financial interactions with healthcare
professionals and healthcare providers and can increase government and public scrutiny of such financial interactions. If an interaction is found to be improper, government
‘enforcement actions and penalties could result. Like many companies in our industry, we have from time-to-time received, and may receive in the future, inquiries and subpoenas
and other types of information demands from government authorities. In addition, we have been subject to claims and other actions related to our business activities, brought by
governmental authorities, as well as consumers and private payors. In some instances, we have incurred significant expense, civil payments, fines and other adverse consequent
as a result of these claims, actions and inquiries. Such claims, actions and inquiries may relate to alleged non-compliance with laws and regulations associated with the
dissemination of product (approved and unapproved) information, potentially resulting in government enforcement action and reputational damage. This risk may be heightened b
digital marketing, including social media, mobile applications and blogger outreach.

In connection with the resolution of a U.S. government investigation concerning independent copay assistance organizations that provide financial assistance to Medicare patient:
in 2018, we entered into a Corporate Integrity Agreement (CIA) with the Office of the Inspector General of the HHS (OIG), which expired in May 2023. Pfizer submitted its final
annual report and is awaiting a response from the OIG.

‘We and certain of our subsidiaries are also subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business relating to legal claims and proceedings, including
environmental contingencies. Amiounts recorded for legal and environmental contingencies can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties ai
can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. While we have accrued for


worldwide legal liabilities, no guarantee exists that additional costs will not be incurred or additional payments will not be required beyond the amounts accrued,
legal proceedings in which we are involved in, see Note 164.

For additional information, including information regarding certai

RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, TECHNOLOGY AND SECURITY:

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION

Our success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of intellectual property, includir
patent, trademark, trade dress, copyright, trade secret and domain name protection laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements, to protect our intellectual property anc
proprietary rights. If we fail to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property protection, we may not be able to prevent third parties from launching generic or biosimilar versio
of our branded products, from using our proprietary technologies or from marketing products that are very similar or identical to ours. Our currently pending or future patent
applications may not result in issued patents or be granted on a timely basis. Similarly, any term extensions that we seek may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all, and any te
adjustments related to patent office delays in obtaining a patent may be reduced or eliminated entirely due to risks associated with changes in law relating to patent terms. in
addition, our issued patents may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us against claims regarding validity, enforceability, scope and effective term made by parties with
similar technologies or products or provide us with any competitive advantage, including exclusivity in a particular product area.

Further, legal or regulatory action by various stakeholders or governments could potentially result in us not seeking intellectual property protection for or agreeing nol to enforce o1
being restricted from enforcing intellectual property related to our products. The WTO continues to address the role of intellectual property in the context of the COVID-19 respons
This includes the June 2022 Ministerial Decision on the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, which seeks to make it easier for certain WTO memt
to issue a compulsory license on COVID-19 vaccines, and discussions continue on whether to expand that decision to COVID-19 therapeutics and diagnostics.

The scope of our patent claims also may vary between countries, as individual countries have distinct patent laws, and our ability to enforce our patents depends on the laws of e:
country, its enforcement practices, and the extent to which certain countries engage in policies or practices that weaken a country's intellectual property framework (e.g., laws or
regulations that promote or provide broad discretion to issue a compulsory license). In countries that provide some form of regulatory exclusivity, mechanisms exist permitting son
form of challenge to our patents by competitors or generic drug marketers prior to or immediately following the expiration of such regulatory exclusivity, and generic companies ar
employing aggressive strategies, such as “at-risk” launches that challenge our patent rights. Most of the suits involve claims by generic drug manufacturers that patents covering «
products, uses, processes or dosage forms are invalid and/or do not cover the product of the generic or biosimilar drug manufacturer. Independent actions have been filed allegin
that our assertions of, or attempts to enforce, patent rights with respect to certain products constitute unfair competition andor violations of antitrust laws. Such claims may also b
brought as counterctaims to actions we bring to enforce our patents. We are also party to other patent damages suits in various jurisdictions pursuant to which generic drug
manufacturers, payors, governments or other parties are seeking damages from us for alleged delay of generic entry. We also are often involved in other proceedings, such as int
partes review, post-grant review, re-examination or opposition proceedings, before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the European Patent Office, or other foreign counterpart
relating to our intellectual property or the intellectual property rights of others. Also, if one of our patents or a competitors’ patents is found to be invalid in such proceedings, gener
or biosimilar products could be introduced into the market resulting in the erosion of sales of our existing products. For additional information, including information regarding certe
legal proceedings in which we are involved, see Note 1641. Further, if we are unable to maintain our existing license agreements or other agreements pursuant to which third par
grant us rights to intellectual property, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.

We currently hold trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending in many jurisdictions, any of which may be the subject of a governmental or third-party objectit
which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the trademark. As our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks and trade dress to differentiate us from our competito:
increases and, as a result, our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that
infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our rights. We seek to protect our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, by requiring our employees,
consultants, other advisors and other third parties to execute proprietary information and confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of their relationship with us. Despite
these efforts and precautions, we may be unable to prevent a third-party from copying or otherwise obtaining and using our trade secrets or our other intellectual property without
authorization, and legal remedies may not adequately compensate us for the damages caused by such unauthorized use. Further, others may independently and lawtully develop
‘substantially similar or identical products that circumvent our intellectual property by means of alternative designs or processes or otherwise

THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS

A properly functioning intellectual property regime is essential to our business model. We are committed to respecting the valid intellectual property rights of other companies, but
patent granting process is imperfect. Accordingly, the pursuit of valid business opportunities may require us to challenge intellectual property rights held by others that we believe
were improperly granted, including challenges through negotiation and litigation, and such challenges may not always be successful.

Part of our business depends upon identifying biosimilar opportunities and launching products to take advantage of those opportunities, which may involve ligation, associated
costs and time delays, and may ultimately not be successful. These opportunities may arise in situations where patent protection of equivalent branded products has expired or bt
deciared invalid, or where products do not infringe the patents of others. In some circumstances we may take action, such as litigation, asserting that our products do not infringe
patents of existing products or that those patents are invalid or unenforceable in order to achieve a “first-to-market" or early market position for our products.

Third parties may claim that our products infringe one or more patents owned or controlled by them. Claims of intellectual property infringement can be costly and time-consuming
resolve, may delay or prevent product launches, and may result in significant royalty payments or damages or potential licensing agreements. For example, our R&D in a therape:
‘area may not be first and another company or entity may have obtained relevant patents before us. We are involved in patent-related disputes with third parties over our attempts
market pharmaceutical products, including related to Abrysvo, Comirnaty and Paxlovid. As we expand our mRNA portfolio, patent-related disputes may increase. Once we have fil
regulatory approval of the related products, we may decide to commercially market these products even though associated legal proceedings (including any appeals) have not be
resolved (ice.,

2023 Form 10-K


collaboration/licensing partners to which we have licenses or co-promation rights) is found to infringe valid patent rights of a third party, such third party may be awarded significar
damages or royalty payments, or we may be prevented from further sales of that product. Such damages may be enhanced as much as three-fold if we or one of our subsidiaries
found to have willfully infringed valid patent rights of a third party.

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND SECURITY

Significant disruptions of IT systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our business. We extensively rely upon sophisticated IT systems (including cloud
services) to operate our business. We produce, collect, process, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information (including personal information and intellectual
property), and we deploy and operate an array of technical and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of such confidential information, We
develop and operate digital systems to engage patients, healthcare providers, governments, payors and supply chain partners to conduct business and deliver medicines, digital
diagnostics, clinical trials and digital therapies. Such systems include mobile applications, wearable devices, internet websites and other digital technologies that may be targets o
attack. We have outsourced significant elements of our operations, including significant elements of our IT infrastructure and, as a result, we manage relationships with many thirc
party providers who may or could have access to our confidential information. We rely on technology developed, supplied and/or maintained by third-parties that may make us
vulnerable to “supply chain” style cyber-attacks. Further, technology and security vulnerabilities of acquisitions, business partners or third-party providers may not be identified dut
due diligence or soon enough to mitigate exploitation. The size and complexity of our IT and information security systems, and those of our third-party providers (and the large
amounts of confidential information that is present on them), make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentior
actions by, but not limited to, our employees, contingent workers, service providers, business partners, customers or malicious attackers. As a global pharmaceutical company, ou
systems and assets are the target of frequent cyber-attacks. Such cyber-attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication, including the use of adversarial artifical intelligenc
techniques, and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives (including, but not limited to, industrial espionage, extortion, property destruction and personal
information theft) and expertise, including, but not limited to, organized criminal groups, “hacktivists,” nation states, employees, business partners and others. Due to the nature of
some of these attacks, there is a risk that they may remain undetected for a period of time. While we have invested in the protection of data and IT and develop and maintain
systems and controls, our efforts, like those of other similar companies, have not always and may not in the future prevent service interruptions, extortion, theft of confidential,
personal or proprietary information, compromise of data integrity or unauthorized information disclosure. Any technology service interruption or breach of our systems could
adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of personal data, confidential information or intellectual property. Such incidents could require disclosure to
government authorities and/or regulators and could require notification to impacted individuals and any incident could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to u
We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption
breach of our systems.

Aaificial intelligence-based software is increasingly being used in the biopharmaceutical and global healthcare industries. As with many developing technologies, artificial
intelligence-based software presents risks and challenges. For example, algorithms may be flawed; data sets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain biased information; ar
inappropriate or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users could impair results. If the analyses that artificial intelligence-based applications assist ir
producing are deficient or inaccurate, we could be subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability and brand or reputational harm. Furthermore, use of artificial intelligence-
based software may lead to the release of confidential information which may impact our ability to realize the benefits of our intellectual property.

GENERAL RISKS

BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES AND STRATEGIC GOALS

We have established significant growth goals, which we plan to achieve, in part, by not only advancing our own product pipelines and maximizing the value of our existing product
but also through various forms of business development activities, which can include alliances, licenses, JVs, collaborations, equity- or debt-based investments, dispositions,
divestments, mergers and acquisitions. Our recent acquisition of Seagen is part of that growth plan. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategies an
seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. The success of our business
development activities is dependent on the availability and accurate evaluation of appropriate opportunities, competition from others that are seeking similar opportunities and our
ability to successfully identify, structure and execute transactions, including the ability to satisfy closing conditions in the anticipated timeframes or at all, and our ability to
successfully integrate acquired businesses and develop and commercialize acquired products. Pursuing, executing and consummating these transactions may require substantia
investment, which may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which has in the past and could in the future result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of ou
‘credit ratings and could limit our ability to obtain future financing. We have incurred substantial indebtedness to fund our recent acquisition of Seagen. We financed a portion of th
transaction with the proceeds from the $31 billion of long-term debt issued in May 2023, plus $8 billion in additional short-term indebtedness issued prior to the acquisition. The
amount of debt that we have incurred could have significant consequences including, among other things, reducing our operating or financial flexibility, requiring a portion of our ¢:
flow from operations to make interest payments and reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow our business. To the
extent we incur additional indebtedness or interest rates increase, these risks could increase further.

The success of our business development transactions, including our recent acquisition of Seagen, depends on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions
and is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. Unsuccessful clinical trials, regulatory hurdles and commercialization challenges,
‘among other factors, may adversely impact revenue and income contribution from business development transactions, including from acquired products and businesses. We may
fail to generate expected revenue growth for our existing products, product pipeline and contribution from these transactions or from acquired products or businesses or we may fi
to achieve anticipated cost savings, such as those expected with respect to Seagen, within expected time frames or at all, which may impact our ability to meet our growth
objectives. In certain transactions, we may agree to provide certain transition services for an extended period of time, which may divert our focus and resources that would otherw
be invested into maintaining or growing our business. Similarly, the accretive impact anticipated from certain transactions may not be realized or may be delayed. Integration of
acquired products or businesses may result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing business, including third-party relationships, or inconsistencies in standards,
controls, procedures and policies, Further, while we seek to mitigate risks and liabilities through, among other things, due diligence, we may be exposed to risks and liabilities as ¢
result of business development transactions. There is no assurance that we will be able to acquire attractive businesses or enter into strategic business relationships on favorable
terms ahead of our competitors, or that such acquisitions or strategic business development relationships will be accretive to earnings or improve our competitive position.

2023 Form 10-K™


Where we invest in or otherwise obtain debt or equity securities of third parties in connection with business development transactions, such as our ownership interest in Haleon,
may be unable to direct or influence the management, operational decisions and policies of such companies and the value of the acquired securities will fluctuate and may lose
value. Any future distribution or sale of such securities will be subject to prevailing market conditions and other factors, including the size of our ownership stake, at the time of suc
distribution or sale and there is no assurance as to the price that such securities will ultimately be sold or that such securities will be sold at all.

PANDEMICS

Pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have impacted and may in the future impact our business, operations and financial condition and results. Related risks and challen:
for our business include, among others: uncertainty regarding the severity and duration of a pandemic; impacts to business operations; decreased demand for certain of our
products; increased costs of doing business; manufacturing disruptions and delays; supply chain disruptions and shortages, including challenges related to reliance on third-party
suppliers resulting in reduced availability of materials or components used in the development, manufacturing, distribution or administration of our products; evolving macroecono:
factors and conditions, including general economic uncertainty, unemployment rates and recessionary pressures; changes in labor markels, including challenges related to our
human capital and talent development; unknown consequences on our business performance and initiatives stemming from the substantial investment of time and other resource
to any potential pandemic response; increased difficulty and uncertainty regarding predicting or estimating future performance; pace of post-pandemic recovery, disruption and
volatility within the financial or credit markets; and our financial performance in general.

coviD-19

The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business going forward will depend on many factors, and we have made certain assumptions regarding COVID-19 for purposes of our
operational planning and financial projections, including assumptions regarding the global macroeconomic impact of COVID-19, as well as the demand, revenues, supply, contrac
market share and commercial markets for our current or future COVID-19 products, which remain dynamic. Despite careful tracking and planning, we are unable to accurately
predict the extent of the impact of COVID-19 or our COVID-19 products on our business, operations and financial condition and results due to the uncertainty of future
developments. COVID-19 or our COVID-19 products may also affect our business, operations or financial condition and results in a manner that is not presently known to us or th
we currently do not consider as presenting significant risks.

We also face risks and uncertainties related to our efforts to develop and commercialize our COVID-19 products, as well as challenges related to their manufacturing, supply and

distribution, including, among others:

+ the risk that as the market for COVID-19 products becomes more endemic and seasonal, demand for any of our COVID-19 products has and may continue to be reduced or nc
meet expectations, or may no longer exist, which has and may continue to lead to reduced revenues, excess inventory on-hand and/or in the channel which, for Paxlovid and
‘Comimaty, has resulted in significant inventory write-offs in 2023 and could continue to result in inventory write-offs or other unanticipated charges;

+ challenges related to the transition to the commercial market for our COVID-19 products;

+ uncertainties related to the public's demand for vaccines, boosters and COVID-19 treatments;

+ risks related to our ability to accurately forecast and achieve our revenue forecasts for Comimaty and Paxlovid or any potential future COVID-19 vaccines or treatments;

+ uncertainties inherent in R&D, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for clinical trials, regulatory submission dates
regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates, as well as risks associated with pre-clinical and clinical data (including Phase 1/2/3 or Phase 4 data for Comirnaty or any vaccin
candidate in the BNT162 program or Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment) in any of our studies in pediatrics, adolescents or adults or real world evidence, including the
possibility of unfavorable new pre-clinical, clinical or safety data and further analyses of existing pre-clinical, clinical or safety data or further information regarding the quality of
pre-clinical, clinical or safety data, including by audit or inspection;

+ the ability to produce comparable clinical or other results for Comirnaty, any vaccine candidate or other vaccines that may result from the BNT162 program, Paxlovid or any futt
COVID-19 treatment or any other COVID-19 program, including the rate of effectiveness and/or efficacy, safety and tolerability profile observed to date, in additional analyses o
the Phase 3 trial for any such products and additional studies, in real-world data studies or in larger, more diverse populations following commercialization;

+ the ability of Comimaty or any future vaccine to prevent, or Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment to be effective against, COVID-19 caused by emerging virus variants;

+ the risk that use of Comirnaty or Paxlovid will lead to new information about efficacy, safety or other developments, including the risk of additional adverse reactions, some of
which may be serious;

+ the risk that pre-clinical and clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific
‘community generally, and by regulatory authorities;

+ whether and when additional data from the BNT162 program, Paxlovid or other COVID-19 programs will be published in scientific journal publications and, if so, when and with
what modifications and interpretations;

+ whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from existing or future pre-clinical and clinical studies;

+ whether and when submissions to request emergency use or conditional marketing authorizations for Comimaty or any future vaccines in additional populations, for a potential
booster dose for Comimaty, or any potential future vaccine or vaccine candidates (including potential future annual boosters or re-vaccinations), and/or biologics license and/or
EUA applications or amendments to any such applications may be filed in particular jurisdictions for Comiraty or any other potential vaccine or vaccine candidates, and if
obtained, whether or when such EUA or licenses, or existing EUAS, will expire or terminate;

+ whether and when submissions to request emergency use or conditional marketing authorizations for Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment and/or any drug applications
and/or EUA applications or amendments to any such applications for any indication for Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 treatment may be filed in particular jurisdictions, and if
obtained, whether or when such EUA or licenses, or existing EUAS, will expire or terminate;

+ whether and when any application that may be pending or filed for Comirnaty, any vaccine candidate or other vaccines that may result from the BNT162 program, Paxlovid or a
future COVID-19 treatment or any other COVID-19 program may be approved by particular regulatory

Pfizer inc. 2023 Form 10-K ‘(24


authorities, which will depend on myriad factors, including making a determination as to whether the vaccine's or drug's benefits outweigh its known risks and determination of |
vaccine’s or drug's efficacy and, if approved, whether it will be commercially successful;

+ decisions by regulatory authorities impacting labeling or marketing, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potenti:
of any vaccine or drug, including the authorization or approval of products or therapies developed by other companies;

+ disruptions in the relationships between us and our collaboration partners, clinical trial sites or third-party suppliers, including our relationship with BioNTech;

+ the risk that other companies may produce competitive products that may be superior in terms of efficacy, safety, affordability, convenience, or a number of other competitive
factors;

+ risks related to the availability or cost of raw materials to manufacture or test any such products;

+ challenges related to our vaccine’s formulation and attendant storage, distribution and administration requirements, including risks related to storage and handling after delivery
us;

+ challenges and risks related to medication errors such as prescribing or dispensing the wrong strength, improper dosing and self-administration errors;

«+ the risk that we may not be able to successfully develop other vaccine formulations, booster doses or potential future vaccines, potential combination respiratory vaccines or ne
generation COVID-19 treatments;

+ the risk that we may not be able to recoup costs associated with our R&D and manufacturing efforts;

+ risks associated with any changes in the way we approach or provide research funding for the BNT162 program, Paxlovid or any other COVID-19 program;

+ challenges and risks associated with the pace of our development programs;

+ the risk that we may not be able to maintain manufacturing capacity or access to logistics or supply channels commensurate with global demand for our COVID-19 products,
which would negatively impact our ability to supply our COVID-19 products within the projected time periods;

+ whether and when additional supply or purchase agreements will be reached or existing agreements will be modified;

+ uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain recommendations from vaccine or treatment advisory or technical committees and other public health authorities and uncertainties
regarding the commercial impact of any such recommendations;

+ pricing and access challenges for such products;

+ challenges related to public confidence in, or awareness of Comirnaty, Paxlovid or any future COVID-19 product candidates, including challenges driven by misinformation or
disinformation, access, concerns about clinical data integrity, or prescriber and pharmacy education;

+ trade restrictions; and

+ the risk that we may owe third-party royalties or other adverse outcomes from existing litigation related to Comirnaty and Paxlovid, or have additional other claims asserted rela
to Comimaty or Paxlovid.

Certain of these risks and uncertainties also apply to our COVID-19 and influenza diagnostic tests.

CLIMATE CHANGE AND SUSTAINABILITY

Pfizer is subject to transitional and physical risks related to climate change. Transitional risks include, for example, a disorderly global transition away from fossil fuels that may res
in increased energy prices; customer preference for low or no-carbon products; stakeholder pressure to decarbonize assets; or new legal or regulatory requirements that result in
new or expanded carbon pricing, taxes, restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions, and increased greenhouse gas disclosure and transparency. These risks could increase opera
costs, including the cost of our electricity and energy use, or otherwise increase compliance costs. Physical risks to our operations include water stress and drought; flooding and
storm surge; wildfires; extreme temperatures and storms, which could impact pharmaceutical production, increase costs, or disrupt supply chains of medicines for patients. For
example, our manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, NC was damaged by a tornado in July 2023. While manufacturing has resumed, the supply of medicines impacted by the
tornado is expected to be affected through 2024. For additional details on the impact of the tornado in Rocky Mount, NC, see the Overview of Our Performance, Operating
Environment, Strategy and Qutlook—Our Operating Environment section within MD&A. Our supply chain is subject to these same transitional and physical risks and would likely
pass along any increased costs to us.

In June 2022, Pfizer established our fourth consecutive greenhouse gas reduction goal with new near- and long-term targets to achieve the Science Based Target Initiative's
voluntary Net-Zero Standard by 2040. While we are working to develop and implement emission reduction plans to achieve our voluntary climate goals, various factors, including
Jong time horizons and commercial availability of new technologies to enable the emission reductions, in the time and scale needed, may present inherent risk in our ability to mec
these goals. Additionally, success may depend on the actions of governments and third parties and may require, among other things, significant capital investment; R&D: and
government policies and incentives to foster innovation and reduce costs of technologies that may not currently exist or be available at scale.

Governmental authorities, non-governmental organizations, customers, investors, employees, and other stakeholders are increasingly sensitive to ESG matters, such as equitabl«
access to medicines and vaccines, product quality and safety, diversity, equity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, value chain environmenta
and social due diligence, corporate governance and transparency, and addressing human capital factors in our operations. In addition, governments and the public expect
‘companies like us to report on our business practices with respect to human rights, responsible sourcing and environmental impact, as well as the actions of our third-party
contractors and suppliers around the world. This focus on ESG matters may lead to new expectations or requirements that could result in increased costs associated with researc
development, manufacture, or distribution of our products. Our ability to compete could also be affected by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as growing
demand for companies to establish validated Net Zero targets or offer more sustainable products. While we strive to improve our ESG performance and meet our voluntary goals,
we do not meet, or are perceived not to meet, our goals or other stakeholder expectations in key ESG areas, we risk negative stakeholder reaction, including from proxy advisory
services, as well as damage to our brand and reputation, reduced demand for our products or other negative impacts on our business and operations. While we monitor a broad
range of ESG matters, we cannot be certain that we will manage such matters successfully, or that we will successfully meet the expectations of investors, employees, consumers
governments and other stakeholders.

Pfizer Inc.: 2023 Form 10-K


MARKET FLUCTUATIONS IN OUR EQUITY AND OTHER INVESTMENTS

Changes in the fair value of certain equity investments that are recognized in net income may result in increased volatility of our income. See Note 4 and the Analysis of Financial
Condition Liquidity. Capital Resources and Market Risk section within MD&A.

Our pension benefit obligations and postretirement benefit obligations are subject to volatility from changes in the fair value of equity investments and other investment risk in the
assets funding these plans, as well as changes in the appropriate discount rate. See the Significant Accounting Policies and Application of Critical Accounting Estimates and
Assumptions—Benefit Plans section within MDBA and Note 11.

COST AND EXPENSE CONTROL AND NONORDINARY EVENTS

Growth in costs and expenses, changes in product and geographic mix and the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, internal reorganizations, product withdrawals,
recalls and other unusual events that could result from evolving business strategies, evaluation of asset realization and organizational restructuring could adversely affect future
results, Such risks and uncertainties include, in particular, our ability to realize the projected benefits of our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, including our enterprise-wide
cost realignment program, other corporate strategic initiatives and any acquisitions, divestitures or other initiatives, as well as potential disruption of ongoing business, such as
potential impacts on our ability to deliver on our pipeline as planned. Additionally, as a result of these initiatives, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated
knowledge or intellectual property and/or inefficiency, adverse effects on employee morale, loss of key employees and/or other retention issues during transitional periods.
Reorganizations and restructurings can require a significant amount of time and focus, which may divert attention from operating and growing our business. If we fail to achieve
some or all of the expected benefits of restructuring, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cas
flows.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS, GOODWILL AND EQUITY-METHOD INVESTMENTS

Our consolidated balance sheet contains significant amounts of intangible assets, including IPR&D and goodwill. For IPR&D assets, the risk of failure is significant, and there can
no certainty that these assets ultimately will yield successful products. Our ability to realize value on these significant investments is often contingent upon, among other things,
regulatory approvals and market acceptance. As such, IPR&D assets may become impaired and/or be written off in the future if the associated R&D effort is abandoned or is
curtailed. See Note 4 for a discussion of recent impairments of IPR&D assets. For goodwill, all reporting units can confront events and circumstances that can lead to a goodwill
impairment charge such as, among other things, unanticipated competition, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, a significant adverse change in legal matters or in the
business climate and/or a failure to replace the contributions of products that lose exclusivity. Our other intangible assets, including developed technology rights and brands, face
similar risks for impairment. Our equity- method investments may also be subject to impairment charges that may result from the occurrence of unexpected adverse events or
management decisions that impact our estimates of expected cash flows to be generated from these investments. We may recognize impairment charges as a result of a weak
economic environment, events related to particular customers or asset types, challenging market conditions or decisions by management. Any such impairment charge of our
intangible assets, goodwill and equity-method investments may be significant. For additional details, see the Significant Accounting Policies and Application of Critical Accounting
Estimates and Assumptions—Asset Impairments section within MD&A.

CHANGES IN LAWS AND ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Our future results could be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, including, among others, changes in accounting standards, tax laws and
regulations internationally and in the U.S. (including, among other things, the IRA, changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation, including, among others, the adoption of
global minimum taxation requirements outside the U.S. generally effective in most jurisdictions since January 1, 2024 and potential changes to existing tax law by the current U.S.
Presidential administration and Congress, including the proposed “Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act of 2024"), competition laws, privacy laws and environmental

laws in the U.S. and other countries. For additional information on changes in tax laws or rates or accounting standards, see the Provision/(Benefit) for Taxes on Income and New
Accounting Standards sections within MD&A and Note 18.
ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY

Managing cybersecurity risk is a crucial part of our overall strategy for safely operating our business. We incorporate cybersecurity practices into our Enterprise Risk Management
(ERM) approach, which is subject to oversight by our BOD. Our cybersecurity policies and practices are aligned with relevant industry standards.

Consistent with our overall ERM program and practices, our cybersecurity program includes:

+ Vigilance: We maintain a global cybersecurity operation that endeavors to detect, prevent, contain, and respond to cybersecurity threats and incidents in a prompt and effective
manner with the goal of minimizing business disruptions.

+ External Collaboration: We collaborate with public and private entities, including intelligence and law enforcement agencies, industry groups and third-party service providers to
identify, assess and mitigate cybersecurity risks.

+ Systems Safeguards: We deploy technical safeguards that are designed to protect our information systems, products, operations and sensitive information from cybersecurity
threats. These include firewalls, intrusion prevention and detection systems, disaster recovery capabililies, malware and ransomware prevention, access controls and data
protection. We continuously conduct vulnerability assessments to identify new risks and periodically test the efficacy of our safeguards through both internal and external
penetration tests.

+ Education: We provide periodic training for all personnel regarding cybersecurity threats, with such training appropriate to the roles, responsibilities and access of the relevant
‘Company personnel. Our policies require all workers to report any real or suspected cybersecurity events.

+ Supplier Ecosystem Management: We extend our cybersecurity management control expectations to our supply chain ecosystem, as applicable. This includes identifying
cybersecurity risks presented by third parties.

+ Incident Response Planning: We have established, and maintain and periodically test, incident response plans that direct our response to cybersecurity events and incidents.
Such plans include the protocol by which material incidents would be communicated to executive management, our BOD, external regulators and shareholders.

+ Enterprise-Wide Coordination: We engage experts from across the Company to identify emerging risks and respond to cybersecurity threats. This cross-functional approach
includes personnel from our R&D, manufacturing, commercial, technology, legal, compliance, internal audit and other business functions.

Pfizer Inc.; 2023 Form 10-K


+ Governance: Our BOD’s oversight of cybersecurity risk management is led by the Audit Committee, which oversees our ERM program. Cybersecurity threats, risks and mitigati
are periodically reviewed by the Audit Committee and such reviews include both internal and independent assessment of risks, controls and effectiveness.

Our risk assessment efforts have indicated that we are a target for theft of intellectual property, financial resources, personal information, and trade secrets from a wide range of
actors including nation states, organized crime, malicious insiders and activists. The impacts of attacks, abuse and misuse of Pfizer's systems and information include, without
limitation, loss of assets, operational disruption and damage to Pfizer's reputation.

Akey element of managing cybersecurity risk is the ongoing assessment and testing of our processes and practices through auditing, assessments, drills and other exercises
focused on evaluating the sufficiency and effectiveness of our risk mitigation. We regularly engage third parties to perform assessments of our cybersecurity measures, including
information security maturity assessments and independent reviews of our information security control environment and operating effectiveness. Certain results of such assessme
and reviews are reported to the Audit Committee and the BOD, as appropriate, and we make adjustments to our cybersecurity processes and practices as necessary based on th
information provided by the third-party assessments and reviews.

The Audit Committee oversees cybersecurity risk management, including the policies, processes and practices that management implements to prevent, detect and address risks
from cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee receives regular briefings on cybersecurity risks and risk management practices, including, for example, recent developments in

external cybersecurity threat landscape, evolving standards, vulnerability assessments, third-party and independent reviews, technological trends and considerations arising from
‘our supplier ecosystem. The Audit Committee may also promptly receive information regarding any material cybersecurity incident that may occur, including any ongoing updates
regarding the same, The Audit Committee periodically discusses our approach to cybersecurity risk management with our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO).

Our CISO is a member of our management team who is principally responsible for overseeing our cybersecurity risk management program, in partnership with other business
leaders across the Company. The CSO works in coordination with other members of the management team, including, among others, the Chief Digital Officer, the Chief Financial
Officer, the Chief Compliance and Risk Officer and the General Counsel and their designees. We believe our business leaders have the appropriate expertise, background and
depth of experience to manage risks arising from cybersecurity threats.

Our CISO, along with leaders from our privacy and corporate compliance functions, collaborate to implement a program designed to manage our exposure to cybersecurity risks ¢
to promptly respond to cybersecurity incidents. Prompt response to incidents is delivered by multi-disciplinary teams in accordance with our incident response plan. Through ongo
‘communications with these teams during incidents, the CISO monitors the triage, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents, and reports such incidents to executive
management, the Audit Committee and other Pfizer colleagues in accordance with our cybersecurity policies and procedures, as is appropriate.

As of the date of this Form 10-K, we are not aware of any cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including
business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition at this time. For further discussion of the risks associated with cybersecurity incidents, see the /tem 1A. Risk Factors

Information Technology and Security section in this Form 10-K.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

We own and lease space globally for sales and marketing, customer service, regulatory compliance, R&D, manufacturing and distribution and corporate enabling functions. In ma
locations, our business and operations are co-located to achieve synergy and operational efficiencies. Our global headquarters are located in New York City. We continue to adva
‘our global workplace strategy to provide workplaces that enable collaboration and foster innovation. As of December 31, 2023, we had 284 owned and leased properties (includin:
properties acquired in the Seagen acquisition), amounting to approximately 38 million square feet. The recent Seagen acquisition has increased our real estate portfolio by 14 site
totaling 1 million square feet.

As of December 31, 2023, of the 284 properties, PGS had responsibilty for 37 plants around the world, which manufacture products for our commercial divisions, including in
Belgium, Germany, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Singapore and the U.S. The leadership team for PGS is primarily located in New York City. PGS also operates multiple distribution
fa Ss around the world,

In general, we believe that our properties, including the principal properties described above, are well-maintained, adequate and suitable for their current requirements and for out
operations in the foreseeable future. See Note 9 for amounts invested in land, buildings and equipment.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Certain legal proceedings in which we are involved are discussed in Note 164.

Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 7


INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS.

The executive officers of the Company are set forth in this table. Each holds the office or offices indicated until his or her successor is chosen and qualified at the regular meeting
the BOD to be held on the date of the 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. Each of the executive officers is a member of
the Pfizer Executive Leadership Team.

Name

Age

Position

Albert Bourla

Chris Boshoff

David M. Denton

Alexandre de Germay

Mikael Dolsten

Lidia Fonseca

Rady A. Johnson

Douglas M. Lankler

‘Aamir Malik

Michael McDermott

Payal Sahni

Sally Susman,

Chairman of the Board since January 2020 and Chief Executive Officer since January 2019. Chief Operating Officer from January 2018
until December 2018. Group President, Pfizer Innovative Health from June 2016 until December 2017. Group President, Global
Innovative Pharma Business (responsible for Vaccines, Oncology and Consumer Healthcare since 2014) from February 2016 until June
2016. President and General Manager of Established Products Business Unit from December 2010 until December 2013. Our Director
since February 2018.

Chief Oncology Officer, Executive Vice President since December 2023. Chief Oncology Research and Development Officer and
Executive Vice President from July 2023 until December 2023. Senior Vice President, Oncology, from 2017 until 2023.

Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President since May 2022. Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Lowe's Companies,
Inc., from November 2018 until April 2022; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, CVS Health Corporation (a diversified
health solutions company), from January 2010 until November 2018. Director of Tapestry, Inc. from 2014 to 2023. Director of Haleon plc
Chief International Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President since December 2023. Chief Executive Officer, Laboratoires Majorelle
specialty pharma company based in France dedicated to women's health and urology) from 2021 until January 2024 (assisting with
transition matters after December 15, 2023). From 2020 until 2021 was Senior Vice President; Global Franchise Head of Cardiology,
Transplant and Established Products, and from 2016 until 2020 was Head of Mature Markets General Medicines of Sanofi. Regional
President of Asia-Pacific of Pfizer Inc. from 2013 until 2016.

Chief Scientific Officer, President, Pfizer Research and Development since July 2023. Chief Scientific Officer and President, Worldwide
Research, Development and Medical from January 2019 until July 2023, President of Worldwide Research and Development from
December 2010 until December 2018. Senior Vice President; President of Worldwide Research and Development from May 2010 until
December 2010. Senior Vice President; President of Pfizer BioTherapeutics Research & Development Group from October 2009 until
May 2010. Director of Agilent Technologies, Inc, and Vimian Group AB.

Chief Digital and Technology Officer, Executive Vice President since January 2019. Chief Information Officer and Senior Vice President
Quest Diagnostics Incorporated from 2014 to 2018. Senior Vice President of Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings from 2008 unt
March 2013. Director of Tegna, Inc. from 2014 to 2023. Director of Medtronic plc.

Chief Compliance, Quality and Risk Officer, Executive Vice President since January 2019. Executive Vice President, Chief Compliance
and Risk Officer from December 2013 until December 2018. Senior Vice President and Associate General Counsel from October 2006
until December 2013.

General Counsel, Executive Vice President since December 2013. Corporate Secretary from January 2014 until February 2014.
Executive Vice President, Chief Compliance and Risk Officer from February 2011 until December 2013.

Chief U.S. Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President since December 2023. Chief Business Innovation Officer, Executive Vice
President from August 2021 until December 2023. Various U.S. geographic leadership roles with McKinsey & Company from 2019 to
2021; previously co-led McKinsey & Company's Global Pharmaceuticals & Medical Products practice from 2015 to 2018.

Chief Global Supply Officer, Executive Vice President since January 2022. President of Pfizer Global Supply from 2018 until 2021. Vice
President of Pfizer Global Supply from 2014 until 2018. Vice President of the Biotechnology Unit from 2012 until 2014.

Chief People Experience Officer, Executive Vice President since January 2022. Chief Human Resources Officer, Executive Vice
President from June 2020 to December 2021. From May 2016 until June 2020 served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources fc
multiple operating units. Vice President of Human Resources, Vaccines, Oncology & Consumer from 2015 until 2016. Ms, Sahni has
‘served in a number of positions in the Human Resources organization with increasing responsibilty since joining Pfizer in 1997,

Chief Corporate Affairs Officer, Executive Vice President since January 2019. Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs (formerly Poli:
External Affairs and Communications) from December 2010 until December 2018. Senior Vice President, Policy, External Affairs and
‘Communications from December 2009 until December 2010.


PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE COMPANY'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES
OF EQUITY SECURITIES

The principal market for our common stock is the NYSE. Our common stock currently trades on the NYSE under the symbol “PFE”. As of February 15, 2024, there were 123,387

holders of record of our common stack.

The following summarizes purchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2023"

‘Approximate Value

Total Number of Shar

Total Number Average Price Shares Purchased as that May Yet F

of Shares Paid per Part of Publicly Purchast

Period Purchased! Share® Announced Plan Under the Plar

October 2 through October 29, 2023 12,222 $ 32.93 — $ 3,292,882,44

October 30 through November 30, 2023 25,825 $ 29.95 —- $ 3,292,882,44

December 1 through December 31, 2023 14.449 $ 28.58 — $ 3,292,882,44
Total 52,496 $ 30.26 _

© See Note 12.

© Represents (i) 49,685 shares of common stock surrendered to the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of awards under our long-term incentive programs and (i
the open market purchase by the trustee of 2,811 shares of common stock in connection with the reinvestment of dividends paid on common stock held in trust for employees who deferred receipt of

performance share awards.

PEER GROUP PERFORMANCE GRAPH

The following graph assumes a $100 investment on December 31, 2018, and reinvestment of all dividends, in each of the Company's Common Stock, a composite peer group of
major U.S. and European-based pharmaceutical companies, which are: AbbVie Inc., Amgen Inc., AstraZeneca PLC, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Eli Lilly and Company, GSK }
Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Novo Nordisk, Roche Holding AG and Sanofi SA, the S&P S00 Index and the NYSE Arca Pharmaceutical Index (DRG index)

$250
$225 + ‘ .
$200 4
$175 +
$150 4
$125 4

$100 +

$75 4 . .

—r

$50 T T t T T
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023

PEER GROUP + S&P500 | ———— DRG Index

Five Year Performance

2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
PFIZER $100.0 $93.1 $96.3 $160.5 $143.8 $84.5
PEER GROUP $100.0 $122.0 $128.7 $154.4 $179.9 $207.8

$155.6
$128.7

S&P 500
IDRG Index

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]

2023 Form 10-K


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

GENERAL

The following MD&A is intended to assist the reader in understanding our financial condition and results of operations, including an evaluation of the amounts and certainty of cas!
flows from operations and from outside sources, and is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related note
in jtem 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K. Discussions of 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 that are not include
in this Form 10-K can be found within MD8A in our 2022 Form 10-K.

OVERVIEW OF OUR PERFORMANCE, OPERATING ENVIRONMENT, STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK

Financial Highlights—the following is a summary of certain financial performance metrics (in billions, except per share data):

2023 Total Revenues—$58.5 billion 2023 Net Cash Flow from Operations—$8.7 billion
A decrease of 42% compared to 2022 A decrease of 70% compared to 2022
2023 $685 2023 $8.7
2022 “$100.3 2022 : : "$29.3
2021 $81.3 2021 $32.6
2023 Reported Diluted EPS—$0.37 2023 Adjusted Diluted EPS (Non-GAAP) —$1.84*
A decrease of 93% compared to 2022 A decrease of 72% compared to 2022
2023 -f} so.37 2023 $1.84
2022 $5.47 2022 $6.58
2021 $3.85 2021 $4.06

* For additional information regarding Adjusted diluted EPS (which is a non-GAAP financial measure)
GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted Income section within MD&A.

\cluding reconciliations of certain GAAP Reported to non-GAAP Adjusted information, see the A

References to operational variances pertain to period-over-period changes that exclude the impact of foreign exchange rates. Although foreign exchange rate changes are part of
our business, they are not within our control and since they can mask positive or negative trends in the business, we believe presenting operational variances excluding these
foreign exchange changes provides useful information to evaluate our results.

Our Business and Strategy—Pfizer Inc. is a research-based, global biopharmaceutical company. We apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people the
extend and significantly improve their lives. See the /tem 1. Business—About Pfizer section. As a science-driven global biopharmaceutical company, we remain focused on
advancing our pipeline, supporting our marketed brands and deploying capital responsibly, with a focus on initiatives that can help contribute to our long-term revenue and future
growth, Most of our revenues come from the manufacture and sale of biopharmaceutical products. We believe that our medicines and vaccines provide significant value for
healthcare providers and patients and continuously evaluate how we can best collaborate with patients, physicians and payors to support and expand patient access to reliable,
affordable healthcare around the world. In addition, we continually seek to expand and broaden our product portfolio offerings through prioritized development of our pipeline and
business development opportunities targeted at critical unmet patient needs. As a result, our commercial organizational structure and R&D operations are critical to the successfu
execution of our business strategy. Our ability to fulfil our purpose, Breakthroughs that change patients’ lives, remains a core focus and underscores our commitment to addressir
the needs of society to help sustain long-term value creation for all stakeholders. Our 2024 key priorities are:

+ Achieve world-class oncology leadership

+ Deliver next wave of pipeline innovation

+ Maximize performance of our new products
+ Expand margins by realigning our cost base
+ Allocate capital to enhance shareholder value


In 2023, we managed our commercial operations through a global structure consisting of two operating segments: Biopharma and Business Innovation. Biopharma was the only
reportable segment. See Note 1A and the item 1, Business—Commercial Operations section.

In December 2023, we completed our acquisition of Seagen. At the beginning of 2024, we made changes in our commercial organization that went into effect on January 1, 2024

incorporate Seagen and improve focus, speed and execution. Specifically, within our Biopharma reportable segment we created:

+ the Pfizer Oncology Division, which brings together U.S. oncology commercial operations from both Pfizer and Seagen and is led by the Chief Oncology Officer, Executive Vice
President, who also leads Pfizer's newly combined global oncology R&D operations;

+ the Pfizer U.S. Commercial Division, which focuses on the commercialization of non-oncology products in the U.S. and is led by the Chief U.S. Commercial Officer, Executive V
President; and

+ the Pfizer International Commercial Division, which focuses on the commercialization of Pfizer's entire product portfolio outside the U.S. and is led by the Chief International
Commercial Officer, Executive Vice President.

In the fourth quarter of 2022, we began taking steps through our Transforming to a More Focused Company restructuring program to optimize our end-to-end R&D operations to
reduce costs and cycle times as well as to further prioritize our internal R&D portfolio in areas where our capabilities are differentiated while increasing external innovation efforts |
leverage an expanding and productive biotech sector. Beginning in July 2023, in consideration of planned future investments in oncology, including the acquisition of Seagen on
December 14, 2023, we reorganized our R&D platform operations. See Note 17A. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we announced that we launched a multi-year, enterprise-wide cos
realignment program that aims to realign our costs with our longer-term revenue expectations. See Note 3. For a description of savings related to these programs, see the Costs

Expenses—Restructuring Charges and Other Costs Associated with Acquisitions and Cost-Reduction/Productivity Initiatives section within MD&A.

R&D: We believe we have a strong pipeline and are well-positioned for future growth. R&D is at the heart of fulfilling our purpose to deliver breakthroughs that change patients’ liv
as we work to translate advanced science and technologies into the medicines and vaccines that may be the most impactful for patients. Innovation, drug discovery and
development are critical to our success. In addition to discovering and developing new products, our R&D efforts seek to add value to our existing products by improving their
effectiveness and ease of dosing and by discovering potential new indications. See the tem 1, Business—Research and Development section for our R&D priorities and strategy.

We seek to leverage a strong pipeline, organize around expected operational growth drivers and capitalize on trends creating long-term growth opportunities, including:
+ an aging global population that is generating increased demand for innovative medicines and vaccines that address patients’ unmet needs; and
+ advances in both biological science and platform technologies that are enhancing the delivery of breakthrough new medicines and vaccines.

Our Business Development Initiatives—We are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities, primarily by advancing our own product pipeline and
maximizing the value of our existing products, but also through various business development activities. We view our business development activity as an enabler of our strategie
and seek to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. We assess our business, assets a
scientific capabilities/portfolio as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also continue to consider business development activities that will help advance our
business strategy. For a discussion of recent significant business development activities, see Note 2.

Our 2023 Performance

Total Revenues—Total revenues decreased $41.8 billion, or 42%, to $58.5 billion in 2023 from $100.3 billion in 2022, reflecting an operational decrease of $40.8 billion, or 41%, ¢
well as an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange of $1.0 billion, or 1%. The operational decrease was primarily driven by significant declines in revenues from Comirnaty and
Paxlovid, including a $3.5 billion non-cash revenue reversal for Paxlovid recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023. Excluding contributions from Comimaty and Paxlovid, Total revent
increased 7% operationally, reflecting an increase in revenues from Nurtec ODT/Vydura and Oxbryta; revenues from Abrysvo, primarily driven by the launch of the older adult
indication in the U.S.; as well as continued growth from the Vyndagel family and Eliquis; partially offset by a decline in Ibrance.

The following chart outlines the components of the net change in Total revenues:

$100,330 $3,356
(239)
$58,498
'$(43,929) $(1,022)
7 T 1 7
2022 Operational impact Impact of LOE Operational impact of Foreign Exchange 2023
(excl. impact of Comirnaty and
LOE and Operational Paxlovid

impact of Revenues
Comirnaty and

Paxlovi

Revenues)

See the Total Revenues by Geography and Total Revenues—Selected Product Discussion sections within MDA for more information, including a discussion of key drivers of out
revenue performance. See also The Global Economic Environment—COVID-19 section below for information about our COVID-19 products. For information regarding the primar

indications or class of certain products, see Note 17

2023 Form 10-K 34


While royalty income through December 31, 2023 has been recorded in Other Income/(Deductions}—net,, we will begin reporting such royalty income in Total revenues beginning
2024 and will restate prior periods for consistency with our 2024 presentation. Additionally, we will no longer record royalties from U.S. sales of Bavencio, as we have irrevocably
chosen to donate the right to such royalties to the American Association for Cancer Research.

Jocome from Continuing Operations Before Provision/(Benefit) for Taxes on Income—The decrease in Income from continuing operations before provision/(benefil) for taxes on
income of $33.7 bilion, to $1.1 billion in 2023 from $34.7 billion in 2022, was primarily attributable to (j) lower revenues, (i) higher intangible asset impairment charges, and (ii)
increases in Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs, Amortization of intangible assets, and Selling, informational and administrative expenses, partially offset |
(iv) a decrease in Cost of sales and (v) net gains on equity securities in 2023 versus net losses on equity securities in 2022.

See the Analysis of the Consolidated Statements of Income section within MD&A and Note 4. For information on our tax provision and effective tax rate, see the Provision/(Benefi
for Taxes on Income section within MD&A and Note 5.

Our Operating Environment—we, like other businesses in our industry, are subject to certain industry-specific challenges. These include, among others, the topics listed

below. See also the /tem 1. Business—Government Regulation and Price Constraints and Item 1A. Risk Factors sections.
Regulatory Environment—Pipeline Productivity—Our product lines must be replenished over time to offset revenue losses when products lose exclusivity or market share or to.

respond to healthcare and innovation trends, as well as to provide for earings growth, primarily through internal R&D or through collaborations, acquisitions, JVs, licensing or oth
arrangements. As a result, we devote considerable resources to our R&D activilies which, while essential to our growth, incorporate a high degree of risk and cost, including whet!
particular product candidate or new indication for an in-line product will achieve the desired clinical endpoint or safety profil, will be approved by regulators or will be successful
‘commercially. Clinical trials are conducted to determine, among other things, whether an investigational drug, vaccine or device is safe and effective for a particular patient
population. After a product has been approved or authorized and launched, we continue to monitor its safety as long as itis available to patients, including conducting postmarketi
trials, voluntarily or pursuant to a regulatory request. For the entire life of the product, we collect safety data and report safety information to the FDA and other regulators. Regula’
authorities evaluate potential safety concerns and take any regulatory action deemed necessary and appropriate. Such action(s) may include: updating a product's labeling,
restricting its use, communicating new safety information or, in rare cases, seeking to suspend or remove a product from the market.

Intellectual Property Rights and Collaboration/Licensing Rights—The loss, expiration or invalidation of intellectual property rights, patent litigation settlements and judgments, and
the expiration of co-promation and licensing rights can have a material adverse effect on our revenues. Certain of our products have experienced patent-based expirations or loss.
regulatory exclusivity in certain markets in the last few years, and we expect certain products to face increased generic competition over the next few years. While additional pate
expiries will continue, we expect a moderate impact of reduced revenues due to patent expiries from 2024 through 2025. We anticipate a more significant impact of reduced
revenues from patent expiries in 2026 through 2030 as several of our in-line products experience patent-based expirations. We continue to vigorously defend our patent rights
against infringement, and we will continue to support efforts that strengthen worldwide recognition of patent rights while taking necessary steps to help ensure appropriate patient
access,

For additional information on patent rights we consider most significant to our business as a whole, see the /tem 1, Business—Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights
section. For a discussion of recent developments with respect to patent litigation, see Note 16A1.

Regulatory Environment/Pricing and Access—Government and Other Payor Group Pressures—The pricing of medicines and vaccines by pharmaceutical manufacturers and the
cost of healthcare, which includes medicines, vaccines, medical services and hospital services, continues to be important to payors, governments, patients, and other stakeholder
Federal and state governments and private third-party payors in the U.S. continue to take action to manage the utilization and cost of drugs, including increasingly employing
formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs, including through the use of deductibles, utilization management tools, cost sharing or formulary placement
We consider a number of factors impacting the pricing of our medicines and vaccines. Within the U.S., we often engage with patients, doctors and healthcare plans. We also ofter
provide significant discounts from the list price to insurers, including PBMs and MCOs, The price that patients pay in the U.S. for prescribed medicines and vaccines is ultimately ¢
by healthcare providers and insurers. Governments globally, as well as private third-party payors in the U.S., may use a variety of measures to control costs, including, among
‘others, legislative or regulatory pricing reforms, drug formularies (including tiering and utilization management tools), cross country collaboration and procurement, price cuts,
mandatory rebates, health technology assessments, forced localization as a condition of market access, “international reference pricing’ (i., the practice of a country linking its
regulated medicine prices to those of other countries), QCE processes and VBP. We anticipate that these and similar initiatives will continue to increase pricing and access
pressures globally. In the U.S., we expect to see continued focus by Congress and the Biden Administration on regulating pricing. The drug pricing provisions of the IRA, which we
signed into law in August 2022, began to be implemented in 2022 and implementation efforts will continue over the next several years. In August 2023, the Biden Administration
unveiled the first ten medicines subject to the "Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program,” which requires manufacturers of select drugs to engage in a process with the federal
government to set new Medicare prices which would go into effect in 2026. Among the first ten medicines subject to the Program included Eliquis. We continue to evaluate the
impact of the IRA on our business, operations and financial condition and results as the full effect of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain. lt
addition, changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate program or the 3408 Program, including legal or legislative developments at the federal or state level with respect to the 340B
program, could have a material impact on our business. See the item 1. Business—Pricing Pressures and Managed Care Organizations and —Goverment Regulation and Price
‘Constraints and the Item 1A. Risk Factors—Pricing and Reimbursement sections.

Impact of the July 2023 Tomado in Rocky Mount, North Carolina (NC}—Our manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, NC was damaged by a tornado in July 2023. The facility is a ks
producer of sterile injectables and is responsible for manufacturing nearly 25 percent of all our sterile injectables—including anesthesia, analgesia, and micronutrients—which is
nearly eight percent of all the sterile injectables used in U.S. hospitals. While manufacturing has resumed, the supply of medicines impacted by the tornado is expected to be
affected through 2024.

In 2023, we recorded $286 million to Cost of sales for inventory losses, overhead costs related to the period in which the facility could not operate, and incremental costs resulting
from the tomado damage. Losses incurred in 2023 were partially offset by insurance recoveries received in the fourth quarter of 2023. We may record additional losses and/or co:
andlor insurance recoveries in future periods, but we are unable to predict them with certainty at this time.

2023 Form 10-K


Product Supoly—We periodically encounter supply delays, disruptions and shortages, including due to voluntary product recalls and natural or man-made disasters. In 2021, Pfiz:
recalled all lots of Chantix in the U.S. due to the presence of a nitrosamine, N-nitroso-varenicline, at or above the FDA interim acceptable intake limit. Regulatory authorities outsic
the U.S. have issued updated guidance on nitrosamine acceptable intake levels. With this recently issued guidance, which included an updated intake level for N-nitroso-vareni
we expect to make regulatory submissions in 2024 to potentially enable Chantix to return to market outside the U.S., and our related discussions with FDA are ongoing.

Except for the tornado in Rocky Mount, NC discussed above, we have not seen a significant disruption of our supply chain in 2023 and through the date of filing of this Form 10-K
and all of our manufacturing sites globally have continued to operate at or near normal levels; however, we continue to see heightened demand in the industry for certain
components and raw materials, which could potentially result in constraining available supply leading to a possible future impact on our business. We continue to monitor and
implement mitigation strategies in an effort to reduce any potential risk or impact including active supplier management, qualification of additional suppliers and advanced purchas
to the extent possible. For information on risks related to product manufacturing, see the /tem 1A. Risk Factors—Product Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing Risks section.

The Global Economic Environment—in addition to the industry-specific factors discussed above, we, like other businesses of our size and global extent of activities, are
exposed to economic cycles. Certain factors in the global economic environment that may impact our global operations include, among other things, currency and interest rate
fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, local and global economic conditions including inflation, recession, volatility and/or lack of liquidity in capital markets, expropriation ant
other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property, legal protections and remedies, trade regulations, tax laws and regulations and procedures and actions
affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for and access to our products, as well as impacts of political or civil unrest or military action, including th:
ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and their economic consequences, geopolitical instability, terrorist activity, unstable governments and legal
systems, inter-governmental disputes, public health outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters or disruptions related to climate change. Government pressures can lead
negative pricing pressure in various markets where governments take an active role in setting prices, access criteria or other means of cost control. For additional information on
risks related to our global operations, see the /tem 1A. Risk Factors—Global Operations section.

COVID-19—In response to COVID-19, we developed Paxlovid and collaborated with BioNTech to jointly develop Comirmaty, including an Omicron XBB.1.5-adapted monovalent
vaccine. As part of our strategy for COVID-19, we are continuing to make significant investments in breakthrough science and global manufacturing, This includes continuing to
evaluate Comimaty and Paxlovid, including against new variants of concern, developing variant adapted vaccine candidates and developing potential combination respiratory
vaccines and potential next generation vaccines and therapies. We are also evaluating Paxlovid for additional populations. See the Product Developments section within MD&A.

In 2023, we principally sold Comimaty globally under goverment contracts. In September 2023, Comimaty transitioned to traditional commercial market sales in the U.S., trigger
by the expiration of current contracts and the COVID-19 vaccines from Pfizer and BioNTech purchased through them becoming either depleted or not used following the introducti
of a new variant vaccine. Internationally, sales of Comimaty in international developed markets were generally under government contracts in 2023, and.in emerging markets, unc
a combination of private channels and government contracts; in both cases, we expect to start transitioning to commercial markets in 2024. Due to the commercial market transitic
as well as the anticipated seasonal nature of COVID vaccination, we expect more than 80% of our 2024 global revenues for Comimaty to be recorded in the second half of the ye

In 2023, we principally sold Paxlovid globally to government agencies. Internationally, for Paxlovid, we are continuing the transition to commercial markets and are expecting mos!
revenue for Paxlovid to be generated through commercial channels in 2024. On October 13, 2023, we announced an amended agreement with the U.S. government, which
facilitated the transition of Paxlovid to traditional commercial markets in November 2023, with minimal uptake of NDA-labeled commercial product before January 1, 2024. See Nc
176.

For information on risks associated with our COVID-19 products, including certain assumptions made for purposes of our operational planning and financial projections and the
uncertainty of future developments, as well as COVID-19 intellectual property disputes, see the /tem 1A. Risk Factors—COVID-19, —Intellectual Property Protection and —Third-
Party Intellectual Property Claims sections and Note 16A1.

Jsrae/Hamas Conflict Our local operations have been impacted by the armed conflict between Israel and Hamas that began on October 7, 2023. For the years ended Decembe
31, 2023 and 2022, the business of our Israeli subsidiary represented less than 1% of our consolidated revenues and assets. We are closely monitoring developments in this
conflict, including evaluating potential impacts to our business, customers, suppliers, employees, and operations in Israel and elsewhere in the Middle East that may impact globa
operations. At this time, longer term impacts to the Company are uncertain and subject to change.

Russia/Ukraine Conflict—Our local operations have been impacted by the armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the
business of our Russia and Ukraine subsidiaries represented less than 1% of our consolidated revenues and assets, and while we are monitoring the effects of the conflict betwer
Russia and Ukraine, the situation continues to evolve and the long-term implications, including the broader economic consequences of the conflict, are difficult to predict at this tin
While as of now, we do not anticipate any significant negative impacts on our global operations from this conflict, continued regional instability, geopolitical shifts, potential additior
sanctions and other restrictive measures against Russia, neighboring countries or allies of Russia, any retaliatory measures taken by Russia, neighboring countries or allies of
Russia, and actions by our customers or suppliers, including financial institutions, in response to such measures could adversely affect the global macroeconomic environment, ot
operations, currency exchange rates and financial markets, which could in turn adversely impact our business and results of operations.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS

Following is a discussion about the critical accounting estimates and assumptions impacting our consolidated financial statements. Also, see Note 1C.

For a description of our significant accounting policies, see Note 1. Of these policies, the following are considered critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial
statements as they require the application of the most subjective and the most complex judgments: Acquisitions (Note 1D); Fair Value (Note 1E); Revenues (Note 1G); Asset
Impairments (Note 1M); Tax Assets and Liabilities and Income Tax Contingencies (Note 1Q); Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans (Note 1R); and Legal and Environmental
Contingencies (Note 15).

For a discussion of recently adopted accounting standards, see Note 18.

Pfizer inc) 2023 Form 10K 33


Acquisitions

We account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, that most assets acquired and liabilities assumed be
recognized at their estimated fair value as of the acquisition date. To estimate fair value, we utilize an exit price approach from the perspective of a market participant. For further
detail on acquisition accounting, see Note 1D. For further detail on the techniques and methodologies that we use to estimate fair value, see Note 1. Historically, intangible asse!
have been the most significant fair values within our business combinations. We utilize an income approach to estimate the acquisition date fair value of each identifiable intangibl
asset. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include the amount and timing of projected net cash flows, the discount rate, the tax rate
and, for IPR&D assets, the probability of technical and regulatory success (PTRS). Alll of these judgments and estimates can materially impact our results of operations. For furthe
information on our process to estimate the fair value of intangible assets, see Asset /mpairments below.

We estimate the fair value of acquired inventory, including finished goods and work in process, by determining the estimated selling price when completed, less an estimate of cor
to be incurred to complete and sell the inventory, and an estimate of a reasonable profit allowance for those manufacturing and selling efforts. The fair value of inventory is
recognized in our results of operations as the inventory is sold, Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the estimate of the fair value of inventory inch.
‘stage of completion, costs to complete, costs to dispose and selling price.

We estimate the fair value of acquired PP&E using a combination of the cost and market approaches. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in these
approaches are the values of asset replacement costs, comparable assets and estimated remaining economic lives of the assets.

For the provisional amounts recognized for the Seagen assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date, see Note 2A. The estimated values are not yet finalized
and are subject to change, which could be significant. We will finalize the amounts recognized as we obtain the information necessary to complete the analyses. We expect to
finalize the amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as soon as possible but no later than one year from the acquisition date.

Revenues

Our gross product revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, which generally are estimated and recorded in the same period that the revenues are recognized. Such variabl
consideration represents chargebacks, rebates, sales allowances and sales returns. These deductions represent estimates of the related obligations and, as such, knowledge an«
judgment are required when estimating the impact of these revenue deductions on gross sales for a reporting period. Historically, adjustments to these estimates to reflect actual
results or updated expectations, have not been material to our overall business and generally have been less than 1% of revenues. Product-specific rebates, however, can have ¢
significant impact on year-over-year individual product revenue growth trends. If any of our ratios, factors, assessments, experiences or judgments are not indicative or accurate
estimates of our future experience, our results could be materially affected. The potential of our estimates to vary (sensitivity) differs by program, product, type of customer and
geographic location. However, estimates associated with U.S. Medicare, Medicaid and performance-based contract rebates are most at risk for material adjustment because of th
extensive time delay between the recording of the accrual and its ultimate settlement, an interval that can generally range up to one year. Because of this lag, our recording of
adjust ments to reflect actual amounts can incorporate revisions of several prior quarters. Rebate accruals are product specific and, therefore for any period, are impacted by the r
of products sold as well as the forecasted channel mix for each individual product. For further information, see the Product Revenue Deductions section within MD&A and Note 1¢

Asset Impairments

We review all of our long-lived assets for impairment indicators throughout the year. We perform impairment testing for indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill at least annu
and for all other long-lived assets whenever impairment indicators are present. When necessary, we record charges for impairments of long-lived assets for the amount by which t
fair value is less than the carrying value of these assets. Our impairment review processes are described in Note 1M.

Examples of events or circumstances that may be indicative of impairment include:

+ Asignificant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of the asset. For example, a successful challenge of our patent rights would lil
result in generic competition earlier than expected.

+ Asignificant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used such as a restriction imposed by the FDA or other regulatory authorities that could affect our abil
to manufacture or sell a product.

+ An expectation of losses or reduced profits associated with an asset. This could result, for example, from a change in a government reimbursement program that results in an
inability to sustain projected product revenues and profitability. This also could result from the introduction of a competitor's product that impacts projected revenue growth, as
as the lack of acceptance of a product by patients, physicians and payors. For IPR&D projects, this could result from, among other things, a change in outlook based on clinical
trial data, a delay in the projected launch date or additional expenditures to commercialize the product.

Identifiable Intangible Assets—We use an income approach, specifically the discounted cash flow method to determine the fair value of intangible assets, other than goodwill. We
start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows associated with the asset, which incorporates the consideration of a terminal value for indefinite-lived assets, and then we
apply an asset-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions that impact our fair value estimates include
the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections and the impact of
technological advancements and risk associated with IPR&D assets, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks
inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the jurisdictional mix of the projected cash flows.

While all intangible assets other than goodwill can face events and circumstances that can lead to impairment, those that are most at risk of impairment include IPR&D assets
(approximately $23.2 billion as of December 31, 2023) and newly acquired or recently impaired indefinite-lived brand assets. IPR&O assets are high-risk assets, given the uncerte
nature of R&D. Newly acquired and recently impaired indefinite-lived assets are more vulnerable to impairment as the assets are recorded at fair value and are then subsequently
measured at the lower of fair value or carrying value at the end of each reporting period. As such, immediately after acquisition or impairment, even small declines in the outlook fe
these assets can negatively impact our ability to recover the carrying value and can result in an impairment charge.

"2023 Form 4

Pfizer Inc.


Goodwilt—Our goodwill impairment review work as of December 31, 2023 concluded that none of our goodwill was impaired and we do not believe the risk of impairment is
significant at this time, as the fair value of each of our reporting units is significantly higher than their respective net book values.

In our review, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Qualitative fact
that we consider include, for example, macroeconomic and industry conditions, overall financial performance and other relevant entity-specific events. If we conclude that it is mor
likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we then perform a quantitative fair value test.

When we are required to determine the fair value of a reporting unit, we typically use the income approach. The income approach is a forward-looking approach to estimating fair
value and relies primarily on intemal forecasts. Within the income approach, we use the discounted cash flow method. We start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows f
the reporting unit, which includes the application of a terminal value, and then we apply a reporting unit-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. Some of the
more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of
technological risk and competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect th
various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic diversity of the projected cash flows.

For all of our reporting units, there are a number of future events and factors that may impact future results and that could potentially have an impact on the outcome of subseque
goodwill impairment testing. For a list of these factors, see the Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results and the Jtem 1A, Risk Factors sections.

Benefit Plans

For a description of our different benefit plans, see Note 11.

‘Our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and our judgment regarding future expectations that have been deemed reasonable by management. The judgments made in
determining the costs of our benefit plans can materially impact our results of operations.

The following provides (i) at the end of each year, the expected annual rate of return on plan assets for the following year, (ii) the actual annual rate of return on plan assets
achieved in each year, and (iii) the weighted-average discount rate used to measure the benefit obligations at the end of each year for our U.S. pension plans and our
international pension plans"

2023 2022 2024
U.S. Pension Plans
Expected annual rate of retumn on plan assets 8.0 al 7.5% 6.3%
Actual annual rate of return on plan assets 10.4 (22.4) 9.2
Discount rate used to measure the plan obligations 5.4 54 29
i q \n Pla
Expected annual rate of return on plan assets 54 45 34
Actual annual rate of return on plan assets (4.6) (26.0) 11.4
Discount rate used to measure the plan obligations 44 3.8 16

© For detailed assumptions associated with our benefit plans, see Note 118.

Expected Annual Rate of Return on Plan Assets—The assumptions for the expected annual rate of return on all of our plan assets reflect our actual historical return experience ai
our long-term assessment of forward-looking retum expectations by asset classes, which is used to develop a weighted-average expected return based on the implementation of
targeted asset allocation in our respective plans.

The expected annual rate of return on plan assets for our U.S. plans and international plans is applied to the fair value of plan assets at each year-end and the resulting amount is
reflected in our net periodic benefit costs in the following year. Differences between the actual rate of return on plan assets and the expected annual rate of return on plan assets :
immediately recognized through earnings upon remeasurement.

The following illustrates the sensitivity of net periodic benefit costs to a 50 basis point decline in our assumption for the expected annual rate of return on plan assets, holding all
other assumptions constant (in millions, pre-tax):

Increase in 2024

Net Periodic
Assumption Change Benefit Costs
Expected annual rate of return on plan assets 50 basis point deciine i $84

(©) The estimate excludes any potential mark-to-market adjustments,

The actual return on plan assets resulted in a net gain on our plan assets of approximately $835 million during 2023.

Discount Rate Used to Measure Plan Obligations—The weighted-average discount rate used to measure the plan obligations for our U.S. defined benefit plans is determined at
least annually and evaluated and modified, as required, to reflect the prevailing market rate of a portfolio of high-quality fixed income investments, rated AA/Aa or better, that reflet
the rates at which the pension benefits could be effectively settled. The discount rate used to measure the plan obligations for our significant international plans is determined at Ie
annually by reference to investment grade corporate bonds, rated AA/Aa or better, including, when there is sufficient data, a yield-curve approach. These discount rate
determinations are made in consideration of local requirements. The measurement of plan obligations at the end of the year will affect (i) the actuarial (gains)/losses recognized ir
our net periodic benefit cost for that year and (ii) the amount of service cost and interest cost reflected in our net periodic benefit costs in the following yeer.

Pfizer Inc.

2023 Form 10-K


The following illustrates the sensitivity of net periodic benefit costs and benefit obligations to a 10 basis point decline in our assumption for the discount rate, holding all other

assumptions constant (in millions, pre-tax):

Decrease in 2024 Net Increase to 2023
Assumption Change Periodic Benefit Costs Benefit Obligations

Discount rate 10 basis point decline i} $5.1 $210

The change in the discount rates used in measuring our plan obligations as of December 31, 2023 resulted in a decrease in the measurement of our aggregate plan obligations b:
approximately $616 million.

Income Tax A: Liabilities

Income tax assets and liabilities include income tax valuation allowances and accruals for uncertain tax positions. See Notes 1 and 5, as well as the Analysis of Financial
Condition Liquidity, Capital Resources and Market Risk section within MD&A.

Contingencies

We and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, including tax and legal contingencies, guarantees and
indemnifications. See Notes 1Q, 1S, 5D and 16.

ANALYSIS OF THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
Total Revenues by Geography

The following presents worldwide Total revenues by geography

‘Year Ended December 31, % Change
Worldwide US. Tnierational Worldwide US. Tatematonal
(LIONS) 2023 ~—«2022~=~wTCSC~C*«OSS~*«SS~C«ON SCC ~~~ Bae eles eee
‘Operating segments: j j 1 ( i
Biopharma $ 57,186] $ 98,988 $79,557 |$ 26,698] $ 42.083 $ 29.221 '$ 30,488/ $56,905 $50,336 | (42) 26 | (37) 44 | (46) 13,
Business Innovation ] 310 43421731 | 390 390 52a | 920 952 1,206 @) @) = 2} eo ae
Total revenues $ 50,496| $100,230 $61,288 (§ 27088( $ 42473 $20746 $31406) S577 S51542 { (az) 23 | (36) —43_—*T (ay, 12
2023 v. 2022
The following provides an analysis of the worldwide change in Total revenues by geographic areas from 2022 to 2023:
(MILLIONS) Worldwide US. International
‘Operational growthi(decline): i ” ~
Worldwide declines from Comimaty $ (26,423) $ (6.370) $ (20,053)
Worldwide declines from Paxlovid (17,506) (11,803) (5,703):
Worldwide growth from the Vyndagel family, Eliquis, the Prevnar family and Inlyta, partially offset by worldwide {
declines from Ibrance, Xeljanz and Xtan 4016 4018 (2)
Increase in revenues from Nurtec ODT/Vydura and Oxbryta, which were acquired in the fourth quarter of 2022 972 949 23
Revenues from Abrysvo, primarily driven by launch of the older adult indication in the U.S. in July 2023, 890 888 2
Revenues from legacy Seagen products subsequent to the acquisition on December 14, 2023 120 120 -
Other operational factors, net 120 (185) 305
Operational growthy(decline), net (40,812) (15,385) (25,428),
Unfavorable impact of foreign exchange (1,022) = (1,022)
Total revenues increasel(decrease) s (44,834) $ (15,385) $ (26,449)!

Emerging markets revenues decreased $8.1 billion, or 40%, in 2023 to $12.0 billion from $20.1 billion in 2022, reflecting an operational decrease of $7.4 billion, or 37%, and an
unfavorable impact from foreign exchange of 3%. The operational decrease in emerging markets revenues was primarily driven by declines from Comimaty and Paxlovid, partially
offset by growth from Lorbrena, Zavicefta and Eliquis.

See the Total Revenues—Selected Product Discussion section within MD&<A for additional analysis.

Product Revenue Deductions—Our gross product revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, which generally are estimated and recorded in the same period that the
revenues are recognized. These deductions represent estimates of the related obligations and, as such, knowledge and judgment are required when estimating the impact of thes
product revenue deductions on gross sales for a reporting period. Historically, adjustments to these estimates to reffect actual results or updated expectations, have not been
material to our overall business and generally have been less than 1% of revenues. Product-specific rebates, however, can have a significant impact on year-over-year individual
product revenue growth trends.

2023 Form 10-K


The following presents information about product revenue deductions:

Year Ended December 31,
(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 2021
Medicare rebates ‘s 997, $ 838 $ 726
Medicaid and related state program rebates 1,655 973 4,214
Performance-based contract rebates 5,159 3,575 3,253
Chargebacks 9,828 7,560 6,122
Sales allowances 6,790 5,460 4,809
Sales returns and cash discounts? 5,619 1,290 1,054
Total is 30,048{ $ 19,697 $ 17,178

(©) The increase in sales returns and cash discounts in 2023 was primarily due to the revenue reversal of $3.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023, related to the expected return of an estimated 6.5 million
treatment courses of EUA-labeled U.S. government Paxlovid inventory (see Note 17C).

Product revenue deductions are primarily a function of product sales volume, mix of products sold, contractual or legislative discounts and rebates.
For information on our accruals for product revenue deductions, including the balance sheet classification of these accruals, see Note 1G.

“2023 Form 10-K

Pfizer Inc.


Total Revenues—Selected Product Discussion

Biopharma
Revenue
(MILLIONS) r Ended Dec. 31, % Change
Global
Product Revenues Region 2023 2022 Total _ Oper. Operational Results Commentary
$11,220 {
us. S ayTs 73) Declines largely driven by tower contracted deliveries and demand in
| international markets and lower U.S. government contracted deliveries, due tc
Comirnaty® Down 70% Ant, 29,032 my (69) transition to new variant vaccines in most markets and the transition to traditc
US. commercial market sales which began in September 2023.
(operationally) Worldwide $ 37,806 «rol (70)
$6,747
us. Ss 3822 Growin driven primarily by continued oral anti-coagulant adoption and market
Buiquie up s% share gains in the non-valvular atrial foilation indication in the U.S. and certs
a Pp lott. 2.658 “| (a! markets in Europe, partially offset by declines due to LOE and generic
competition in certain international markets.
(operationally) Worldwide s 6,480 5
$6,440 ]
us. s 4,206) $ 4,032 Growth primarily driven by the adult indications in the U.S. due to strong patie
. {demand for Prevnar 20 forthe eligible adul population, partially offset by the
Prevnar family Up 3% Intl, | 2,236) 2305 Prevnar pediatric indication in the U.S. driven by tower market share due to
; competitor entry
(operationally) Wordwie & eal $6397 2'
$4,753 i al
bad i Sasi] § Saro i Declines primarily driven by lower demand globally due to competitive pressu
lower clinical tial purchase’ internationally, and planned price decreases in
"prance Down 6% Jot S602) __A781_ o (©) CSrainintematonaldevopedmartes.
(operationally) wordwie 's _arsal s _s:1z0 ) 6)
$3,321 \
us. $1863] $ 1.245 50
‘Growth largely driven by continued strong uptake of the ATTR-CM indication,
Vyndagel family Up 36% primary inthe U.S. and developed Europe, partially offet by a planned price
nth 1.488 1.202 a 22 | decrease that went into effect in Japan in the second quarter of 2022.
(operationally) wotwe ( —_aaail s aur Le! 36
$4,703
us. 8 448s] $1,129 2
Decline driven primarily by decreased prescription volumes globally resulting
Xeljanz Down 4% ten on oss (1a), {15}! fom ongoing shits in resenting pattems related oabel changes, pataly
— { i offset by higher net price in the U.S, due to favorable changes in channel mix.
toperatonatyy | wondnice fs soat s 178 | wt | aw
Declines primarily driven by:
+ @ non-cash revenue reversal of $3.5 billion recorded in the fourth quarter c
2023, of which a portion was assaciated with sales recorded in 2022, relat
$1,279 to the expected return of an estimated 6.5 milion treatment courses of EU,
labeled U.S. government inventory (see Note 17C); and
+ tower contractual deliveries in most international markets,
Down 92% party ofl
strong demand in China under the temporary National Reimbursement On
(operationally) us. $ (1,289) $10,514 4 List (which ended on April 1, 2023) due to surge in COVID-19 infection dur
( thes quarter of 2028 aed
Inet, B19 (69) (68)! * fourth quarter sales under radtional commercial merkets folowing transit
{ {primarily in the US.
wordwie |p s270l $ 19.999 (23) (2)
$4,191 r i]
us. is 11917 S$ 1,198 cu)
| Decline driven by lower net price mainly due to unfavorable changes in chann
Xtandi Down 1% Int - - 4 + ‘mix, partially offset by higher demand,
i
(operationally) Worldwide § sasi| s 1.198 a)
$1,036 t
us. i$ 642] $ 618 ‘Growth primarily reflects continued growth in emerging markets and the U.S.
riven by the adoption of combinations of certain immune checkpoint inhibitor
Inlyta Up 5% Inet 394! 385 7 | and Iniyta for the first-ine treatment of patients with advanced RCC, partially
offset by lower volumes and lower net price in certain European markets.
(operationally) Worldwide '§ 1,036 | $ 1,003 5
'
$928 us. $ sos] s am |
Nurtec . | Growth primarily driven by timing of the acquisition of Biohaven (lourth quarte
ODTNVydura . Intl. 20 2 F| 2022) as well as strong patient demand in the U.S. See Note 24.
Worldwide _'s ssl _s 213 i

Pfizer inc. i

2023 Form 10-K


Business Innovation

Revenue
(MILLIONS) Year Ended Dec. 31, ‘% Change
Operating Global
__Segment___ Revenues Region 2023 ___2022 Total_ _ Oper. Operational Results Commentat
$1,310 i i Dediine primarily driven by a reduction in Comimaty supply to BioNTech and
us. a 390] $ 390 = tower revenues from our active pharmaceutical ingredient sales operation,
Business | partially offset by higher manufacturing actvitios performed on behalf of
easiness Down 2% int a0 082 o taj) cusiomers as wel as an increase in RAD services to select innovative tect
— | ‘companies under our Pfizer Ignite operations
(operationally) Worldwide —4,310/ $1,342 @Q) 2

9) Comimaty includes direct sales and Alliance revenues related to sales of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine, which are recorded within our Primary Care customer group. It does not include reve’
for certain Comirnaty-related manufacturing activities performed on behalf of BioNTech, which are included in PC1, which is part of he Business Innovation operating segment, See Note 17C.

* Indicates calculation not meaningful.
See the /tem 1. Business—Patents and Other Intellectual Property Rights section for information regarding the expiration of various patent rights, Note 16 for a discussion of rece
developments concerning patent and product litigation relating to certain of the products discussed above and Note 17C for the primary indications or class of the selected produc
discussed above.

Costs and Expenses

Costs and expenses follow:

Year Ended December 31, ‘Change

(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 2021 23/22 22124
Cost of sales $ 24,954 | $ 34344 30,821 (27)) 11

Percentage of Total revenues 42.7 % 34.2% 379%
Selling, informational and administrative expenses 14,771 13,677 12,703 8 8
Research and development expenses 10,679 11,428 10,360 UO) 10
Acquired in-process research and development expenses 194 953 3,469 (80), (73)
Amortization of intangible assets 4,733 3,609 3,700 ET (2)
Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related

costs 2,943 1,375 802 4 1
Other (income)/deductions—net® (835) 217 (4,878) 4 :

* indicates calculation not meaningful.
(©) Beginning in 2024, we will include royalty income in Tota! revenues and will restate prior periods for consistency with our 2024 presentation,

2023 v. 2022
Cost of Sales

Cost of sales decreased $9.4 billion, primarily due to:

+ a reduction of $14.2 billion due to lower sales of Comiraty; and

+ a reduction of $1.5 billion due to lower sales of Paxlovid,

partially offset by:

+ non-cash charges of $6.2 billion for inventory write-offs and related charges ($5.0 billion for Paxlovid and $1.2 billion for Comimaty)..

The increase in Cost of sales as a percentage of Total revenues was mainly driven by the non-cash charge of $6.2 billion discussed above, and unfavorable changes in sales mix
primarily due to lower sales of Paxlovid and Comirnaty, which includes the unfavorable impact of the $3.5 billion non-cash Paxlovid revenue reversal.
‘Selling Informational and Administrative Expenses

Selling, informational and administrative expenses increased $1.1 billion, mostly due to:

+ an increase of $1.1 billion in marketing and promotional expenses for recently acquired and launched products;

+ an increase of $280 million for the expected Paxlovid commercial launch;

ty to be paid to participants of our supplemental savings plan; and

+ an increase of $170 million in marketing and promotional expenses for rare disease products,

partially offset by:

+ a decrease of $690 million due to a lower provision for U.S. healthcare reform fees related to Comimnaty and Paxlovid.

+ an increase of $210 million in our lial

Research and Development Expenses
Research and development expenses decreased $749 million, primarily due to:

+ lower spending of $870 million mainly for lower compensation-related expenses, and ongoing vaccine and hospital programs, as well as
+ a decrease of $260 million in the value of the portfolio performance share grants reflecting the decrease in the price of Pfizer's common stock,

2023 Form 10-K


partially offset by:
+ increased investments of $345 million, mainly to develop certain acquired assets, as well as activities to support upcoming product launches.

Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expenses
Acquired in-process research and development expenses decreased $758 million primarily reflecting the non-recurrence of:

+ an upfront payment of $426 million related to the closing of the acquisition of ReViral Lid. in 2022;

+ an upfront payment to Biohaven and a premium paid on our equity investment in Biohaven totaling $263 milion in 2022; and

+ $76 million premium paid on our equity investment in BioNTech to develop a potential MRNA vaccine against shingles, both recorded in 2022.

See Notes 24 and 26.

Amortization of intangible Assets

Amortization of intangible assets increased $1.1 billion, primarily as a result of 2023 reflecting a full year of amortization of intangible assets from our acquisitions of Biohaven and
GBT, higher amortization of intangible assets related to Prevnar, as well as reclassifications of IPR&D to developed technology rights, partially offset by fully amortized assets. Se
Notes 2A and 104.

Restructuring Charges and Other Costs Associated with Acquisitions and Cost-Reduction/Productivity Initiatives

Transforming to a More Focused Company Program—tn connection with restructuring our corporate enabling functions, we achieved gross cost savings of $1.0 billion, or net cos:
savings, excluding merit and inflation growth and certain real estate cost increases, of $700 million, in the two year period from 2021 through 2022. In connection with transformin-
our commercial go-to market strategy, we expect net cost savings of $1.4 billion, to be achieved primarily from 2022 through 2024. In connection with manufacturing network
optimization, we achieved net cost savings of $550 million. In connection with optimizing our end-to-end R&D operations, we expect net cost savings of $2.3 billion to be achievec
primarily from 2023 through 2025.

Realigning our Cost Base Program—This program is expected to deliver net cost savings of at least $4 billion, to be achieved primarily from 2023 through 2024.

Certain qualifying costs for these programs were recorded in 2023, 2022 and 2021, and are reflected as Certain Significant Items and excluded from our non-GAAP measure of
Adjusted Income. See the Non-GAAP Financial Measure: Adjusted income section within MDA.

In connection with our acquisition of Seagen, we are focusing our efforts on achieving an appropriate cost structure for the combined company. We expect to generate approxima
$1 billion of annual cost synergies, to be achieved by 2026.

For a description of our programs, as well as the anticipated and actual costs, see Note 3A, The program savings discussed above may be rounded and represent approximation:
In addition to these programs, we continuously monitor our operations for cost reduction and/or productivity opportunities, especially in light of the losses of exclusivity and the
expiration of collaborative arrangements for various products.

Other (Income)/Deductions—Net

‘The favorable period-over-period change of $1.1 billion was primarily driven by net gains on equity securities in 2023 versus net losses recognized on equity securities in 2022 an
lower net interest expense, partially offset by higher intangible asset impairment charges. See
Note 4.

Upjohn Separation Costs

Since inception through December 31, 2023, we have incurred substantially all costs of approximately $700 million in connection with separating Upjohn, including costs and
expenses related to separation of legal entities and transaction costs.

Provision/(Benefit) for Taxes on Income

‘Year Ended December 31, % Change

(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 2021 23122 22/24

Provision/{benefil) for taxes on income 's (1,115) | $ 3,328 $ 1052 | 5 80
Effective tax rate on continuing operations { (105.4)%, 9.6% 7.6% |

* Indicates calculation not meaningful.

For information about our effective tax rate and the events and circumstances contributing to the changes between periods, as well as details about discrete elements that impact
our tax provisions, see Note 5.

Changes in Tax Laws—Many countries outside the U.S. have enacted legislation for global minimum taxation resulting from the Organization for Economic Co-operation and
Development's (OECD) Base Erosion and Profit Shifting “Pillar 2° project. The EU has approved a directive requiring member states to incorporate the OECD provisions into their
respective domestic laws, and other countries outside the EU are also enacting the provisions into their domestic law. The provisions are generally effective for Pfizer in 2024,
though significant details and guidance around the provisions are still pending. Income tax expense could be adversely affected as the legislation becomes effective in countries it
which we do business, and such impact could be material to our results of operations. We continue to monitor pending OECD guidance and legislation enactment and
implementation by individual countries.

Discontinued Operations

For information about our discontinued operations, see Note 2B.


PRODUCT DEVELOPMENTS

A comprehensive update of Pfizer's development pipeline was published as of January 30, 2024 and is available at www.pfizer.com/science/drug-product-pipeline. It includes an
‘overview of our research and a list of compounds in development with targeted indication and phase of development, as well as mechanism of action for some candidates in Phat
1 and all candidates from Phase 2 through registration.

This section provides information as of the date of this filing about significant marketing application-related regulatory actions by, and filings pending with, the FDA and regulatory
authorities in the EU and Japan.

The tables below include filing and approval milestones for products that have occurred in the last twelve months and generally do not include approvals that may have occurred
prior to that time. The tables include filings with regulatory decisions pending (even if the filing occurred outside of the last twelve-month period).

COVID-19 Vaccine Products
Beginning with the original monovalent Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine, initially authorized for emergency use, to Comimaty (COVID-19 Vaccine, MRNA, 2023-2024 Formula,
approved by the FDA for individuals 12 years and older and the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (2023-2024 Formula) authorized by the FDA for emergency use for individual
months through 11 years of age, efforts to stay current with circulating COVID-19 strains have resulted in the rapid development of targeted, adapted vaccines for licensure in the
U.S., Europe, Japan and other markets. The adapted vaccines have included two bivalent formulations (Original and Omicron BA.1, not authorized in the U.S., and Original and
‘Omicron BA.4/BA.5). As updated COVID-19 vaccines are formulated to more closely target currently circulating vaccines, prior vaccine formulations are generally no longer utilize
in a majority of the markets.

The 2023-2024 Formula includes a monovalent (single) component that corresponds to the Omicron sub-variant XBB.1.5 of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2
(SARS-CoV-2). The table below summarizes the approval of the 2023-2024 Formula in the markets indicated:

REGULATORY STATUS

PRODUCT INDICATION

Eu JAPAN
[Active immunization to prevent COVID-19 caused by SARS-CoV-2 for individuals 6 months ‘Authorized ‘Approved ‘Approved
through 4 years of age September ‘August September

2023 2023 2023
Comirnaty [Active immunization to prevent COVID-19 caused by SARS-CoV-2 for individuals 5 through ‘Authorized ‘Approved ‘Approved
{COVID-19 Vaccine, 11 years of age ‘September ‘August September

mRNA, 2023-2024 Formula) 2023 2023 2023
[Active immunization to prevent COVID-19 caused by SARS-CoV-2 in individuals 12 years of || Approved ‘Approved ‘Approved
lage and older ‘September ‘August September

2023 2023 2023

© in September 2023, Pfizer and BioNTech announced the FDA approved a regulatory application for their Omicron XBB.1.5-adapled monovalent COVID-19 vaccine for individuals 12 years of age and o
(Comimaty (COVID-19 Vaccine, mRNA, 2023-2024 Formula)). The FDA also granted EUA for the Omicron XBB. 1.5-adapted monovalent COVID-19 vaccine for individuals 6 months through 11 years o”
age (Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine (2023-2024 Formula)).

2023 Form 10-K


Other Products

PRODUCT INDICATION OR PROPOSED INDICATION ArPRovenruee’
Eu JAPAN
Ngonia Approved | Approved | Approve
. Pediatric growth hormone deficiency June February January
(somatrogon)” june cbr
‘Active immunization to prevent pneumonia, invasive disease and otitis media caused by Streptococcus needa Br asieed
duis)
Provnar 20/Apexxnar Preumoniae (eduts) 2021 2022
faccine)
(accine) Active immunization to prevent pneumonia, invasive disease and otitis media caused by Streptococcus arias No ber
pneumoniae (pediatric) 203 pe
TicoVae . ‘Approved
‘Aclive immunization to prevent tick-borne encephaliis disease August
(Waceine) sae
. ‘Approved | Approved
Pan OT 89 | Covin-19 in highrisk aduts May February
2023 2023
Approved Approved
Acute treatment of migraine with or without aura (adults) February April
Nurtec ODT/Vydura 2020 2022
(rimogepant) ‘Approved | Approved
Prevention of episodic migraine (adults) May Aor
2021 2022
; ‘Approved | Approved | Approve:
Litfulo/Ritfulo
(ritecitinib) Alopecia areata June September June
2023 2023 2023,
‘Approved
Zavzpret (zavegepant) Acute treatment of migraine with or without aura (adults) March
(intranasal) 2023
‘Approved
Penbraya (PF-o6se6ne2) ‘Active immunization to prevent seragroups ABCWY meningococcal infections (adolescent and young adults) October
(Vaccine) 2023
‘Approved
‘Active immunization to prevent RSV infection (matemal) ‘August
Abrysvo 2023
(Waceine) ‘Approved | Approved Filed
‘Active immunization to prevent RSV infection (older adults) May ‘August May
2023 2023 2023
‘Approved | Approved
ity (otrasimod) Ulcerative colts (moderately to severely active) October February
2023 2024
7 ‘Approved Filed
Braftovi (oncorafenib) and Mektovll a qFveset mutant metastatic non-small cel lung cancer October October
(binimetinib) 2023 20236
‘Approved | Approved Filed
Etrexfio (etranatamab) ‘Multiple myeloma triple-class relapsedirefractory August December June
2023, 2023, 2023,
Combination with Xtand (enzalutamide) for adult patients with homologous recombination repair (HRR) gene- | APProved | Approved | Approves
Talzenna (talazoparib} Sed ee Te
Treaiment of BRCA gene-mulated, HER2-negalive, inoperable or recurrent breast cancer who have been treated | “BPI VN Pome ‘onary
with cancer chemotherapy coe 2019 soe
fidanacogene elaparvovec (PF Filed mee
~ | Hemophilia B (adults) June May
oeesea3sy~) 2023 2023,
‘Approved Filed
Xtandi (enzatutamido)” ‘nmCSPC with biochemical recurrence at high risk for metastasis (high-risk BCR) November | September
2023 2023,
5 Filed Filed
marstacimab (PF-06741086) | Hemophilia Aand B December | October
2023 2023
Filed
"
one oeesTae7) ‘Treatment of infections caused by Gram-negative bacteria with limited or no treatment options September
_ ‘Approved
Padcev (enfortumab vedotin-ejfv) | in combination with Keytruda® (pembrolizumab) for locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer (adults) December
2023
Filed
Tivdak (tisotumab vedotin-tftv) | Recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer with disease progression on or after istine therapy January
2024
nati ; ‘Approved
‘Tuhysa (tucatnib) In combination with trastuzumab for HER2-positive metastatic colorectal cancer that has progressed following Haine
v treatment with fuoropyrimidine-, oxaliplatin and iinotecan-based chemotherapy pieet

2023 Form 10-K

142



* For the U.S. the fling date is the date on which the FDA accepted our submission. For the EU, the fling date is the date on which the EMA validated our submission.

©) Being developed in collaboration with OPKO.

© Previously authorized under EUA in the U.S. (December 2021) and approved by the FDA in high-risk adults (May 2023). Remains under EUA for children (12-18 years of age; >88ibs) in the U.S.

(©) Pierre Fabre is the Marketing Authorization Holder for Braftovi (encorafenib) and Mektovi (binimetinib) in the EU.

‘®) Listed indication applies to U.S. only. EU indication (all comers): mCRPC in whom chemotherapy is not clinically indicated; Japan indication: BRCA gene-mutated mCRPC.

(©) Being developed in collaboration with Spark Therapeutics, Inc.

© Being developed in collaboration with Astellas.

(9) Being developed in collaboration with AbbVie. AbbVie has the exclusive commercialization rights to this investigative therapy in the U.S. and Canada; Pfizer leads the joint development program and hz
commercialization rights in all other countries.

©) Being developed in collaboration with Astellas.

© Keytruda is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp.

© Being developed in collaboration with Genmab.

© January 2024 fing date refers to application for conversion from accelerated to full approval.

The following provides information about additional indications and new drug candidates in late-stage development:

PRODUCTICANDIDATE PROPOSED DISEASE AREA
Ibrance (palbocicliby™ [ER*/HER2+ metastatic breast cancer
FTaizenna (talazoparib) [Combination with Xtandi (enzalutamide) for ONA Damage Repair-deficient mCSPC
INgenia (somatrogon)™ [Adult growth hormone deficiency
|Braftovi (encorafenib) and Erbitux®
(cetuximab) [First-line BRAFY®°°S-mutant mCRC
|Paxtovid (nirmatrelvir; ritonavir) |COVID-19 in high-risk children (6-11 years of age; >88ibs)
Litfulo (ritlecitinib) itiligo
LATE-STAGE
CLINICAL PROGRAMS [Multiple myeloma double-class exposed
FOR ADDITIONAL USES |Elrexfio (elranatamab) [Newly diagnosed multiple myeloma post-transplant maintenance
‘AND DOSAGE FORMS - 7 a
FOR IN-LINE AND INe INewly diagnosed multiple myeloma transplant-ineligible
REGISTRATION |Oxbryta (voxelotor) [Sickle cell disease (pediatric)
PRODUCTS Eliquis (apixaban) |Venous thromboembolism (pediatric)
[Abrysvo (vaccine) \ctive immunization to prevent RSV infection in adults (18-59)
|Cisplatin-ineligible/decline muscle-invasive
Padcev (enfortumab vedotin)® splatrinels : asive ladder cancer
(Cisplatin-eligible muscle-invasive bladder cancer
[HER2+ adjuvant breast cancer
| Tukysa (tucatinib) ind line/3rd line HER2+ metastatic breast cancer
| st line HER2+ metastatic colorectal cancer
iroctocogene fitelparvovec. ,
(PF-07055480)" Hemophilia A
|PF-06425090 (Vaccine) Immunization to prevent primary clostridioides difficile infection
|sasanlimab (PF-06801591) |Combination with Bacillus Calmette-Guerin for non-muscle-invasive bladder cancer
lfordadistrogene movaparvovec (PF-
los939926) (Duchenne muscular dystrophy (ambulatory)
\VLA15 (PF-07307405) vaccine immunization to prevent Lyme disease
NEW DRUG PF-07252220 (quadrivalent MRNA-based |r, munization to prevent influenza
CANDIDATES IN LaTE-  |Yaccine)
‘STAGE DEVELOPMENT trant (PF-07850327) [Breast cancer metastatic - 2% line ER+/HER2-
inclacumab (PF-07940370) [Sickle cell disease
torance + vepdegestrant™ ER+/HER2- metastatic breast cancer
[Dazukibart (PF-06823859) Dermatomyositis, polymyositis
[Disitamab vedotin® 1st line HER2 (2IHC1+) metastatic urothelial cancer
{fF-07926307 (COVID/Mu combo vaccine) immunization to prevent COVID infection and influenza
|sisunatovir (PF-07923568) [Respiratory syncytial virus infection (adults)

Not

raftovi/MektovilKeytruda previously listed as a late-stage clinical candidate is no longer considered registrational and has been removed.

Note: Zavzpret oral for the prevention of chronic migraine previously listed as a late-stage clinical candidate has been removed.
© Being developed in collaboration with The Alliance Foundation Trials, LLC.

©) Being developed in collaboration with OPKO.

(©) Erbitux is a registered trademark of ImClone LLC. In the EU, we are developing in collaboration with the Pierre Fabre Group. In Japan, we are developing in collaboration with Ono.
(® Being developed in collaboration with BMS.

©) Being developed in collaboration with Astellas.

© Being developed in collaboration with Sangamo Therapeutics, Inc.

‘® Being developed in collaboration with Vainev
©) Vepdegestrant is being developed in collaboration with Arvinas.
(© Being developed in collaboration with RemeGen Co., Ltd.

® Being developed in collaboration with BioNTech,

2023 Form 10-K


For additional information about our R&D organization, see Note 17 and the item 1, Business—Research and Development section. For additional information regarding certain
collaboration arrangements, see /tem 1, Business— Collaboration and Co-Promotion Agreements.

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURE: ADJUSTED INCOME

Adjusted income is an alternative measure of performance used by management to evaluate our overall performance as a supplement to our GAAP Reported performance
measures. As such, we believe that investors’ understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing this measure. We use Adjusted income, certain components of Adjuste
income and Adjusted diluted EPS to present the results of our major operations—the discovery, development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of biopharmaceutical
products worldwide—prior to considering certain income statement elements as follows

i Relevance of Metrics to Our Busines:
Measure Oefiniion Performance

‘Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders)
Adjusted income before the impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related —._ provides investors useful information

items, discontinued operations and certain significant items 4
+ evaluate the normal recurring

operational activities, and their
components, on a comparable yee

, Cost of sales, Selling, informational and administrative expenses, Research and over-year basis,
Henneeetaey eae selling, development expenses and Other (income)/deductions—net®), each before the + assist in modeling expected future
informational and administrative expenses, impact of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, performance on a normalized basi

Adjusted research and development expenses
and Adjusted other (income)/deductions—net

‘continued operations and certain significant items, which are components of the. Provides investors insight into the we
Adjusted income measure we manage our budgeting and
forecasting, how we evaluate and
manage our recurring operations anc
how we reward and compensate our
senior management

EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common sharehoiders—diluted ) before the impact
Adjusted diluted EPS of amortization of intangible assets, certain acquisition-related items, discontinued
operations and certain significant items

(©) Most directly comparable GAAP measure.

(©) The short-term incentive plans for substantially all non-sales-force employees worldwide are funded from pool based on our performance, measured in significant part versus three budgeted metrics,
of which is Adjusted diluted EPS (as defined for annual incentive compensation purposes), which is derived from Adjusted income and accounts for 40% of the bonus poo! funding tied to financial
performance. Additionally, the payout for performance share awards is determined in part by Adjusted net income, which is derived from Adjusted income. Beginning in the first quarter of 2022, we no
longer exclude any expenses for acquired IPR&D from our non-GAAP Adjusted results but we continue to exclude certain of these expenses for our financial results for annual incentive compensation
purposes. The bonus pool funding, which is largely based on financial performance, is adjusted by our R&D pipetine performance, as measured by four metrics, and performance against certain of our
ESG metrics, and may be further modified by our Compensation Committee's assessment of other factors.

Adjusted income and its components and Adjusted diluted EPS are non-GAAP financial measures that have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and, therefore, are
limited in their usefulness to investors. Because of their non-standardized definitions, they may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies and <
presented to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses performance. A limitation of these measures is that they provide a view of our operations witho
including all events during a period, and do not provide a comparable view of our performance to peers. These measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for the
most directly comparable GAAP measures of Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders, components of Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common
shareholders and EPS attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders—diluted, respectively.

We also recognize that, as internal measures of performance, these measures have limitations, and we do not restrict our performance-management process solely to these
measures. We also use other tools designed to achieve the highest levels of performance. For example, our R&D organization has productivity targets, upon which its effectivene:
is measured. In addition, total shareholder return, both on an absolute basis and relative to a publicly traded pharmaceutical index, plays a significant role in determining payouts
under certain of our incentive compensation plans.

Adjusted Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS

Amortization of intangible Assets—Adjusted income excludes all amorti
Acquisition-Related Items—Adjusted income excludes certain acquisition-related items, which are composed of transaction, integration, restructuring charges and additional
depreciation costs for business combinations because these costs are unique to each transaction and represent costs that were incurred to restructure and integrate businesses :
a result of an acquisition. We have made no adjustments for resulting synergies.

‘The significant costs incurred in connection with a business combination result primarily from the need to eliminate duplicate assets, activities or employees—a natural result of
‘acquiring a fully integrated set of activities. For this reason, we believe that such costs incurred can be viewed differently in the context of an acquisition from those costs incurred
‘other, more normal, business contexts, The integration and restructuring costs for a business combination may occur over several years, with the more significant impacts typicalt
‘ending within three years of the relevant transaction. Because of the need for certain external approvals for some actions, the span of time needed to achieve certain restructurinc
and integration activities can be lengthy.

Acquisition-related items may include purchase accounting impacts such as the incremental charge to cost of sales from the sale of acquired inventory that was written up to fair
value, depreciation related to the increase/decrease in fair value of acquired fixed assets, amortization related to the increase in fair value of acquired debt, and the fair value
changes for contingent consideration,

jon of intangible assets.

2023 Form 10-K


Discontinued Operations—Adjusted income excludes the results of discontinued operations, as well as any related gains or losses on the disposal of such operations. We believe
that this presentation is meaningful to investors because, while we review our product portfolio for strategic fit with our operations, we do not build or run our business with the inte
to discontinue parts of our business, Restatements due to discontinued operations do not impact compensation or change the Adjusted income measure for the compensation in
respect of the restated periods, but are presented for consistency across all periods.

Certain Significant tems—Adjusted income excludes certain significant items representing substantive and/or unusual items that are evaluated individually on a quantitative and
qualitative basis. Certain significant items may be highly variable and difficult to predict. Furthermore, in some cases it is reasonably possible that they could reoccur in future
periods. For example, although major non-acquisition-related cost-reduction programs are specific to an event or goal with a defined term, we may have subsequent programs
based on reorganizations of the business, cost productivity or in response to LOE or economic conditions. Legal charges to resolve litigation are also related to specific cases, wh
are facts and circumstances specific and, in some cases, may also be the result of litigation matters at acquired companies that were inestimable, not probable or unresolved at tt
date of acquisition, or legal matters related to divested products or businesses. Gains and losses on equity securities and pension and postretirement actuarial remeasurement ge
and losses have a very high degree of inherent market volatility, which we do not control and cannot predict with any level of certainty, and we do not believe including these gain:
and losses assists investors in understanding our business or is reflective of our core operations and business. Unusual items represent items that are not part of our ongoing
business; items that, either as a result of their nature or size, we would not expect to occur as part of our normal business on a regular basis; items that would be non-recurring; 0
items that relate to products we no longer sell. See the Reconciliations of GAAP Reported to Non-GAAP Adjusted Information—Certain Line Items below for a non-inclusive list of
certain significant items.

Reconciliations of GAAP Rey to Non-t Adjusted Information—Certain Line Items
Year Ended December 31, 2023,
Data presented will not (in al cases) aggregate (o totels. Eamings per
‘common share
attributable to Pri:
Other Net income attributable to Inc. common
Selling, informational and | (income)ideductions— Pfizer Inc. common shareholders—
MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA Cost of sales |administrative expenses net*? shareholders(*®) diluted
GAAP Reported is 24,954 is 1471 |S (835) is 2119 |s 0.
Amortization of intangible assets - => - 4,733 t
Acquisition-related items (629) (at) (28) 1,874 :
Discontinued operations - - - (n)
Certain significant items:
Restructuring chargesi(credits) and implementation
costs and additional depreciation—asset {
restructuring (98) (290) - 2,227 i
Certain asset impairments” - _ (3,024) 3,024 }
(Gains)/losses on equity securities” - _ 1,588 (1,588) 4
‘Actuarial valuation and other pension and I
postretirement plan (gains)losses - - 265 (265) i
Other (238) (24) (246) 518 Hl
Income tax provision—Non-GAAP items (2,131) |
Non-GAAP Adjusted ls 23,988 is 14.446 «(|S (2,281) is 10,501 |S 1
Year Ended December 31, 2022
Data presented will not (in ail cases} aggregate to totals. Earnings per
common share
attributable to Piz
Other Net income attributable to Inc. common
Selling, informational and | (income)/deductions— Pfizer Inc. common shareholders—
MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA Costof sales | administrative expenses net) shareholders!" (© diluted
GAAP Reported is 34,344 |s 13,677 is 27 is 31372 |s 5.
‘Amortization of intangible assets - - - 3,609
Acquisition-rélated items (119) a) (74) 832
Discontinued operations - - - (21)
Certain significant items:
Restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation
costs and additional depreciation—asset
restructuring” (88) (562) - 1,396
Certain asset impairments - - (421) 421
(Gains)losses on equity securities - - (1,270) 1,270
Actuarial valuation and other pension and
postretirement plan (gains)osses - - 230 (230)
Other (40) (59) (636) 752
Income tax provision—Non-GAAP items (1.683)
Non-GAAP Adjusted 34,096 |s 13,049 s (1,954) az7i7_|s


Year Ended December 31, 2021

Data presented will not (in all cases) aggregate to totals. Earnings per
common share
attributable to Phiz
Other Net income attributable to Inc. common
Selling, informational and | (income)/deductions— Pfizer inc. common shareholders—
MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA Cost of sales __| administrative expenses" net” shareholders!" ® diluted
GAAP Reported Is 30,821 |$ 12,703 s (4,878) Is 21979 |$ 3.
Amortization of intangible assets - (38) (2) 3,746
Acquisition-related items 25 @) (114) 139
Discontinued operations - - - 585
Certain significant items:
Restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation
costs and additional depreciation—asset
restructuring! (108) (450) - 1,309
Certain asset impairments - = (86) 86
(Gainsylosses on equity securities” - - 1,338 (1,338)
Actuarial valuation and other pension and
postretirement plan (gainsylosses - - 1,601 (1,801)
Other (52) (141) (334) " 542
Income tax provision—Non-GAAP items (2,250)
Non-GAAP Adjusted is 30,685 |S 12,071 s (2.475) Is 23,196 |S

(©) Items that reconcile GAAP Reported to non-GAAP Adjusted balances are shown pre-tax. Our effective tax rates for GAAP Reported income from continuing operations were: (105,4)% in 2023, 9.6% in
2022 and 7.6% in 2021. See Note 5. Our effective tax rates for non-GAAP Adjusted income were: 9.0% in 2023, 11.7% in 2022 and 14.5% in 2021.

©) Includes reconciling amounts for Research and development expenses that are not material to our non-GAAP consolidated results of operations.

(© For 2023, the total acquisition-related items of $1.9 billion include reconciling amounts for Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs of $1.2 billion, mainly composed of $785 million of
integration costs and other charges, $190 milion of transaction costs and $125 milion of employee termination-related charges. For 2022, the total acquisitian-related items of $832 milion included
‘reconciling amounts for Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs of $631 milion, composed of $348 million of integration costs and other charges, $144 milion of transaction costs an
'$138 million of employes termination-related charges. See Note 3.

See Note 28

‘Includes employee termination costs, asset impaiments and other exit costs related to our cost-reduction and productivlyiniatives not associated wih acquisitions, See Note 2
See

(©) For 2023, the total of $238 million mainly includes $286 milion in inventory losses, overhead costs retated to the period in which the facility could not operate, and incremental costs resulting from toa
‘damage fo our manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, NC, partially offset by insurance recoveries.

© For 2023, the total of $246 million includes charges of () $474 million for certain legal matters, primarily representing certain product liability and other legat expenses related to producls discontinued
and/or divested by Pfizer, and to a lesser extent, legal obligations related to pre-acquisition matters, and (i) $127 milion mostly related to our equity-method accounting pro-rata share of intangible asst
‘amortization and impairments, costs of separating from GSK and restructuring costs recorded by Haleon, partially offset by: (i) a $222 milion gain on the divestiture of our early-stage rare disease gene
therapy portfalio to Alexion, and (i) dividend income of $211 milion related to our investment in Nimbus resulting from Tekeda's acquisition of Nimbus's oral, selective allosteric tyrosine kinase 2 (TYK2)
inhibitor program subsidiary. For 2022, the total of $636 millon included charges of () $307 milion mostly representing our equity-method accounting pro rata share of restructuring charges and costs ¢
‘separating from GSK recorded by Haleon/ihe Consumer Healthcare JV, and adjustments to our equity-method basis differences which are also related to the separation of Haleon/the Consumer
Healthcare JV from GSK and (i) $230 milion for certain legal matters, primarily representing certain product liability and other legal expenses related to products discontinued andlor divested by Pfizet
For 2021, the total of $334 million included charges of (i) $185 million mostly representing our equity-method accounting pro rata share of restructuring charges and costs of separating from GSK recon
by the Consumer Healthcare JV, and (i) $162 million for certain legal matters, primarily for certain product liabilly expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer, and to a lesser
‘extent, legal obligations related to pre-acquisition matters.

© For 2021, the total of $141 million primarily included costs for consulting, legal, tax and advisory services associated with a non-recurring internal reorganization of legal entilies.

3023 Form 10-K "46

Pfizer Inc.


ANALYSIS OF THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For a discussion of the drivers of change for 2022 versus 2021 as well as cash flows from discontinued operations in 2021, see the Analysis of the Consolidated Statements of Ci
Flows section within MDA in our 2022 Form 10-K.

Cash Flows from Continuing Operations

a OEE
Year Ended December 31,

(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 2021 Drivers of change 2023 v. 2022
Cash provided by/(used in);

The change was driven primarily by a decrease in net income adjusted for non-cash items and t
8,700} $ 29,267 § 32,922 _ timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business, partially offset by net change
iin inventory greater than one year (see Note 84).

Operating activities from continuing
operations.

The change was driven mainly by $43.4 billion cash paid in 2023 for the acquisition of Seagen,
jof cash acquired, compared with $23.0 billion cash paid in 2022 for acquisitions (Biohaven,
|$115 billion, Arena, $6.2 billion and GBT, $5.2 billion), net of cash acquired (see Note 2A), as wi
(32,278) $ (18,783) $ (22.534) fas a $4.0 billion dividend received from the Consumer Healthcare JV in 2022 that was allocated:
‘investing activities (see Note 2C), partially offset by a $5.5 billion increase in net redemptions of,
ishort-term investments in 2023 and a $1.7 billion decrease in purchases of long-term investment

Investing activities from continuing
operations

Fi tivities f fi The change was driven mostly by $30.8 billion of proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt i
Inancing activiies from continuing ¢ 26,066] $ (14,834) $ (9,816) May of 2023 and a $7.9 billion increase in net proceeds from the issuance of short-term i
operations | ‘ [borrowings. |

ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES AND MARKET RISK

Our historically robust operating cash flow, which we expect to continue over time, is a key strength of our liquidity and capital resources and our primary funding source. We belie
as a result of this, together with our financial assets, access to capital markets, revolving credit agreements, and available lines of credit, we have and will maintain the ability to mr
our liquidity needs to support ongoing operations, our capital allocation objectives, and our contractual and other obligations for the foreseeable future.

We focus efforts to optimize operating cash flows through achieving working capital efficiencies that target accounts receivable, inventories, accounts payable, and other working
capital. Excess cash from operating cash flows is invested in money market funds and available-for-sale debt securities which consist of primarily high-quality, highly liquid, well-
diversified debt securities. We have taken, and will continue to take, a conservative approach to our financial investments and monitoring of our liquidity position in response to
market changes. We typically maintain cash and cash equivalent balances and short-term investments which, together with our available revolving credit facilities, are in excess 0
‘our commercial paper and other short-term borrowings.

Additionally, we may obtain funding through short-term or long-term sources from our access to the capital markets, banking relationships and relationships with other financial
intermediaries to meet our liquidity needs.

Diverse sources of funds: Related disclosure presented in this Form 10-K
Internal sources:

+ Operating cash flows Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows — Operating Activities and the Analysis of the Consolidated

Statements of Cash Flows section within MD&A

+ Cash and cash equivalents Consolidated Balance Sheets

+ Money market funds Note 7A

+ Available-for-sale debt securities Note 7A, 78

+ Equity investments Note 7A, 78

External sources:
te

+ Commercial paper Note 7¢
+ Revolving credit facilities Note 7¢
+ Lines of credit Note 7¢
Long-term funding;
+ Long-term debt Note 70
+ Equity Consolidated Statements of Equity and Note 12

For additional information about the sources and uses of our funds and capital resources for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, see the Analysis of the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows section within MD&A.

Financing for Seagen Acquisition—As part of the financing for our acquisition of Seagen, we issued $31 billion of long-term debt in May 2023 and $8 billion of commercial pape
in the fourth quarter of 2023. The net proceeds from long-term debt were invested in short-term investments in a combination of money market funds and available-for-sale debt
securities until the completion of the acquisition.

2023 Form 10-K ‘aT


Credit Ratings—The cost and availabilty of financing are influenced by credit ratings, and an increase or decrease in our credit rating could have a beneficial or adverse effect 0
financing. Our long-term debt is rated high-quality by both S&P and Moody's. In March 2023, following the announcement of the proposed acquisition of Seagen, Moody's change
its outlook on our long-term debt to Negative; S&P downgraded our short-term rating from A-1+ to A-1. In October 2023, following the announcement of the amended Paxlovid
supply agreement with the U.S. government and updated 2023 guidance, S&P changed its outlook on our long-term debt to Negative. In December 2023, following the release of
2024 guidance (i) Moody's downgraded our long-term rating from A1 to A2 and changed its outlook on our long-term debt to Stable and (i) S&P downgraded our long-term rating
from A+ to A and changed its outlook on our long-term debt to Stable.

As of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K, the following ratings have been assigned to our commercial paper and senior unsecured long-term debt:

NAME OF RATING AGENCY Pfizer Short-Term Rating Pfizer Long-Term Rating OutlookWatch
Moody's Pa AQ Stable Outlook
SaP Ad A Stable Outlook

These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and the ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization. Each rating shot
be evaluated independently of any other rating.

Capital Allocation Framework—Our capital allocation framework is primarily devised to enhance shareholder value and is based on three core pillars: growing our dividend,
reinvesting in the business and making share repurchases after de-levering our balance sheet. See the Overview of Our Performance, Operating Environment, Strategy and Qutl
Our Business and Strategy section within MD&A.

‘Our current and projected dividends provide a retum to shareholders while maintaining sufficient capital to invest in growing our business. Our dividends are not restricted by debt
covenants. While the dividend level remains a decision of Pfizer's BOD and will continue to be evaluated in the context of future business performance, we currently believe that v
can support future annual dividend increases, barring significant unforeseen events. On December 14, 2023, our BOD declared a first-quarter dividend of $0.42 per share, payabl
on March 1, 2024, to shareholders of record at the close of business on January 26, 2024. The first-quarter 2024 cash dividend will be our 341st consecutive quarterly dividend.

As of December 31, 2023, our remaining share-purchase authorization was approximately $3.3 billion.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, Contractual, and Other Obligations—In the ordinary course of business, (i) we enter into off-balance sheet arrangements that may result ir
contractual and other obligations and (ii) in connection with the sale of assets and businesses and other transactions, we often indemnify our counterparties against certain liabiliti
that may arise in connection with the transaction or that are related to events and activities. For more information on guarantees and indemnifications, see Note 16B.

Additionally, certain of our co-promotion or license agreements give our licensors or partners the rights to negotiate for, or in some cases to obtain under certain financial conditior
co-promotion or other rights in specified countries with respect to certain of our products. Furthermore, collaboration, licensing or other R&D arrangements may give rise to potent
ilestone payments. Payments under these agreements generally become due and payable only upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory and/or commercializat
milestones, which may span several years and which may never occur.

Our significant contractual and other obligations as of December 31, 2023 consisted of:

+ Long-term debt, including current portion (see Note 7D) and related interest payments;

+ Estimated cash payments related to the TCJA repatriation estimated tax liability (see Note 5). Estimated future payments related to the TCJA repatriation tax liability that will oc
after December 31, 2023 total $6.0 billion, of which an estimated $1.5 billion is to be paid in the next twelve months and an estimated $4.5 billion is to be paid in periods therea
Our obligations may vary as a result of changes in our uncertain tax positions and/or availability of attributes such as foreign tax and other credit carryforwards;

+ Certain commitments totaling $5.2 billion, of which an estimated $1.3 billion is to be paid in the next twelve months, and $3.9 billion in periods thereafter (see Note 16C);
+ Purchases of PP&E (see Note 9). in 2024, we expect to spend approximately $3.7 billion on PP&E; and
+ Future minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases (see Note 15).

Global Economic Conditions—Venezuela, Argentina and Turkey operations function in a hyperinflationary economy. The impact to Pfizer is not considered material. See the [fe
1A. Risk Factors—Global Operations section.

Market Risk—We are subject to foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, and equity price risk. The objective of our financial risk management program is to minimize the impact ¢
foreign exchange rate and interest rate movements on our earnings. We address such exposures through a combination of operational means and financial instruments. For more
information on how we manage our foreign exchange and interest rate risks, see Notes 1F and 7E, as well as the Item 1A. Risk Factors—Global Operations section for key
currencies in which we operate. Our sensitivity analyses of such risks are discussed below.

Foreign Exchange Risk—The fair values of our financial instrument holdings are analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to foreign exchange rate changes. In this
analysis, holding all other assumptions constant and assuming that a change in one currency's rate relative to the U.S. dollar would not have any effect on another currency’s rate
relative to the U.S. dollar, if the dollar were to move against all other currencies by 10%, as of December 31, 2023, the expected impact on our net income would not be significan
Interest Rate Risk—The fair values of our financial instrument holdings are analyzed at year-end to determine their sensitivity to interest rate changes. In this analysis, holding all
other assumptions constant and assuming a parallel shift in the interest rate curve for all maturities and for all instruments, if there were a one hundred basis point change in inter
rates as of December 31, 2023, the expected impact on our net income would not be significant.

Equity Price Risk—We hold long-term investments in equity securities with readily determinable fair values in life science companies as a result of certain business development
transactions (see Note 7B). While we are holding such securities, we are subject to equity price risk, and this may increase the volatility of our income in future periods due to
changes in the fair value of equity investments. From time to time, we will sell

2023 Form 10-K


‘such equity securities based on our business considerations, which may include limiting our price risk, Our equity securities with readily determinable fair values are analyzed at
year-end to determine their sensitivity to equity price rate changes. In this sensitivity analysis, the expected impact on our net income would not be significant.

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
See Note 18.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards, Not Adopted as of December 31, 2023

Effect on the Financial
Standard/Description Effective Date ‘Statements

In June 2022, the FASB issued final guidance to clarify that @ contractual restriction on the sale of an January 1, 2024, with early adoption The new guidance is consistent
‘equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, isnot permitted. with our current policy, and it wi
considered when measuring fair value. Recognizing a contractual sale restriction as a separate unit of not have an impact on our
account is not permitted. consolidated financial statemen
In November 2023, the FASB issued final guidance to improve transparency of segment disclosures. January 1, 2024 for annual reports This new guidance will result in
The final guidance requires the disclosure of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to and January 1, 2025 for interim increased disclosures in the not

the chief operating decision maker and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss, reports. Early adoption is permitted. to our financial statements.
‘other segment items by reportable segment and a description of its composition, and requires all current
annual disclosures be provided in interim periods.

In December 2023, the FASB issued final guidance to improve income tax disclosures. The final January 1, 2025, with early adoption This new guidance will result in
guidance requires enhanced disclosures primarily related to existing rate reconciliation and income permitted. increased disclosures in the not
taxes paid information. to our financial statements.
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the discussion in the Analysis of Financial Condition Liquidity, Capital Resources and Market Risk section wi
MDBA.

2023 Form 10-K 49


ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Pfizer Inc.:

'
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies (the Company) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related
consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes
(collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2023, in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization
of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 22, 2024 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting.

Basis for Opinion

‘These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of
material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

‘The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken
as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to
which they relate.

Evaluation of the U.S. Medicare, Medicaid, and performance-based contract rebates accrual

As discussed in Note 1G to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records estimated deductions for Medicare, Medicaid, and performance-based contract rebates
(collectively, U.S. rebates) as a reduction to gross product revenues. The accrual for U.S. rebates is recorded in the same period that the corresponding revenues are recognized.
‘The length of time between when a sale is made and when the U.S. rebate is paid by the Company can be as long as one year, which increases the need for significant
management judgment and knowledge of market conditions and practices in estimating the accrual.

‘We identified the evaluation of the U.S. rebates accrual as a critical audit matter because the evaluation of the product-specific experience ratio assumption involved especially
challenging auditor judgment. The product-specific experience ratio assumption relates to estimating which of the Company's revenue transactions will ultimately be subject to a
related rebate.

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal
controls over the Company's U.S. rebates accrual process related to the development of the product-specific experience ratio assumptions. We estimated the U.S. rebates accru
using internal information and historical data and compared the result to the Company's estimated U.S. rebates accrual, We evaluated the Company's ability to accurately estimat
the accrual for U.S. rebates by comparing historically recorded accruals to the actual amount that was ultimately paid by the Company.

Evaluation of gross unrecognized tax benefits

As discussed in Notes 5D and 1Q, the Company's tax positions are subject to audit by local taxing authorities in each respective tax jurisdiction, and the resolution of such audits
may span multiple years. Since tax law is complex and often subject to varied interpretations and judgments, it is uncertain whether some of the Company's tax positions will be
sustained upon audit. As of December 31, 2023, the Company has recorded gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding associated interest, of $4.8 billion.

We identified the evaluation of certain of the Company's gross unrecognized tax benefits as a critical audit matter because a high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills
and knowledge, and complex auditor judgment was required in evaluating the Company's interpretation of tax law and its estimate of the ultimate resolution of its tax positions.

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of an internal control
over the Company's liability for unrecognized tax position process related to (1) interpretation of tax law, (2) evaluation of which of the Company's tax positions may not be sustair
upon audit, and (3) estimation and recording of the gross

Pfizer Inc.’ "2023 Form 10-K


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

unrecognized tax benefits. We involved tax and valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in evaluating the Company's interpretation of tax laws,
including the assessment of transfer pricing practices in accordance with applicable tax laws and regulations. We inspected settlements with applicable taxing authorities, includin
assessing the expiration of statutes of limitations. We tested the calculation of the liability for uncertain tax positions, including an evaluation of the Company's assessment of the

technical merits of tax positions and estimates of the amount of tax benefits expected to be sustained.

Evaluation of product liability and other product-related litigation

As discussed in Notes 1S and 16 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is involved in product liability and other product-related litigation, which can include persc
injury, consumer, off-label promotion, securities, antitrust and breach of contract claims, among others. Certain of these pending product and other product-related legal proceedin
could result in tosses that could be substantial. The accrued liability and/or disclosure for the pending product liability and other product-related legal proceedings requires a comp
series of judgments by the Company about future events, which involves a number of uncertainties.

We identified the evaluation of product liability and other product-related litigation as a critical audit matter. Challenging auditor judgment was required to evaluate the Company's
judgments about future events and uncertainties.

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal
controls over the Company's product liability and other product-related litigation processes, including controls related to (1) the evaluation of information from external and internal
legal counsel, (2) forward-looking expectations, and (3) new legal proceedings, or other legal proceedings not currently reserved or disclosed. We read letters received directly fro
the Company's external and internal legal counsel that described the Company's probable or reasonably possible legal contingency to pending product liability and other product-
related legal proceedings. We inspected the Company's minutes from meetings of the Audit Committee, which included the status of key litigation matters. We evaluated the
Company's ability to estimate its monetary exposure to pending product and other product-related legal proceedings by comparing historically recorded liabilities to actual moneta
amounts incurred upon resolution of prior legal matters. We analyzed relevant publicly available information about the Company, its competitors, and the industry.

Evaluation of the fair value measurement of the developed technology rights and in-process research and development intangible assets acquired in the Seagen business
combination

As discussed in Note 2A to the consolidated financial statements, on December 14, 2023, the Company acquired Seagen inc. and its subsidiaries (Seagen). The total fair value o!
consideration transferred was $44.2 billion. Of that, the Company provisionally recorded $7.5 billion of developed technology rights with an estimated weighted-average life of
approximately 18 years and $20.8 billion of in-process research and development (IPR&D).

We identified the evaluation of the fair value measurement of the acquired developed technology rights and IPR&D as a critical audit matter. A high degree of subjective auditor
judgment was required to evaluate certain key assumptions used to estimate the acquisition-date fair value of the acquired developed technology rights and IPR&D. Specifically, t
key assumptions for certain (PR&D assets, including revenue growth rates, probability of technical and regulatory success (PTRS) rates, and the discount rate, and the key
assumptions for certain developed technology rights, including revenue growth rates and the discount rate, represented subjective determinations of future market and economic
conditions. Changes to those assumptions could have had a significant effect on the determination of the fair value measurements.

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal
controls related to the Company's acquisition-date valuation process, including controls related to the development of the key assumptions for certain IPR&D assets and develope
technology rights. We performed sensitivity analyses over the key assumptions for certain IPR&D assets and developed technology rights to assess the impact of changes in thos
key assumptions on the Company's determination of the fair value of the IPR&D and developed technology rights, respectively. We evaluated the reasonableness of the Compan:
forecasted revenue growth rates by comparing them to historical results for comparable products and peer companies, analyst expectations, and industry related third-party data.
Further, we evaluated the PTRS rates for certain IPR&D assets by considering the phase of development of the clinical projects and the Company's history of obtaining regulatory
approval and comparing them to PTRS rates derived from analyst reports and other industry related third-party data. We evaluated the data sources used by management in
determining the key assumptions for certain IPR&D assets and developed technology rights by comparing to industry standards and evidence obtained in other areas of the audit.
addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in:

(1) evaluating the discount rates used by the Company for certain IPR&D and developed technology rights by comparing them against discount rate ranges that were independer

developed using publicly available market data for comparable entities

(2) testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rates.

KPMG LEP

We have not been able to determine the specific year that we or our predecessor firms began serving as the Company's auditor, however, we are aware that we or our predecess
firms have served as the Company's auditor since at least 1942.

New York, New York
February 22, 2024


Consolidated Statements of Income
Pfizer inc, and Subsidiary Companies

a OOS Oe
Year Ended December 31,

(MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) 2023 2022 2021
Revenues: |
Product revenues" $ 50,9141 $ 91,793 $ 73,636
Alliance revenues” 7,582 8,537 7,652
Total revenues 58,496 100,330 81,288
Costs and expenses:
Cost of sales) 24,954 34,344 30,821
Selling, informational and administrative expenses” 14,774 13,677 42,703
Research and development expenses 10,679 11,428 10,360
‘Acquired in-process research and development expenses 194 953, 3,469
Amortization of intangible assets 4,733 3,609 3,700
Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs 2,943 4,375 802
Other (income )/deductions—net (835); 217 (4,878)
Income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income 4,058 34,729 24,311
Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income (1,115) 3,328 1,852
Income from continuing operations 2,472 31,401 22,459
Discontinued operations—net of tax (15) 6 (434)
Net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests 2,158 31,407 22,025
Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 39 36. 45
Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders 2119| $ 31,372, $ 21,979
Earnings per common share—basic: |
Income from continuing operations attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders 's 0.38] $ 559 $ 4.00
Discontinued operations—net of tax t = = (0.08)
Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders ‘s 0.38 $ 5.59 $ 3.92
Eamings per common share—diluted: i}
Income from continuing operations attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders is 0.37| $ 547 § 3.93
Discontinued operations—net of tax (0.08)
Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders is o.37{ $ 547 $ 3.85
Weighted-average shares—basic 5,643 5,608 5,601
Weighted-average shares—diluted 5,709 5,733 5,708

(©) See Note 16.
©) Exclusive of amortization of intangible assets.
(l See Notes 8A and 17A.

‘See Accompanying Notes.


e Income

Consolidated Statements of Comprehen:
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

(MILLIONS)

Net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests
Foreign currency translation adjustments, net

Unrealized holding gains/(losses) on derivative financial instruments, net
Reclassification adjustments for (gains)losses included in net income

Unrealized holding gains/(losses) on available-for-sale securities, net
Reclassification adjustments for (gains losses included in net income”

Benefit plans: prior service (costs)/credits and other, net
Reclassification adjustments related to amortization of prior service costs and other, net
Reclassification adjustments related to curtailment of prior service costs and other, net

Other comprehensive income/(loss), before tax
Tax provision/(benefit) on other comprehensive incomel(loss)
Other comprehensive income/(loss) before allocation to noncontrolling interests

‘Comprehensive income/(loss) before allocation to noncontrolling interests
Less: Comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests
Comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to Pfizer Inc.

‘Year Ended December 31,

2023 2022 2021
is 2458] $31,407 $22,025
t 452 (2,328) (682)

626 1,444 526
| (413)| (2,062) 134
L 2134 (618) 660
| (121) (7,306) (355)

(141) 1,809 (30)
I (261)| 502 (384)
| (25)| (24) 116

(117) (129) (154)

(15) (12) (75)
if (157)] (166) (113)

266 (2,609) (619)
| (85) (187) nm
's 331( $ (2,422) $ (589)
+ 2,488] $ 28,985 § 21,435

26 20 43
S$ 2462) $ 28,965 $ 21,303

(©) Reclassified into Other (income)/deductions—net and Cost of sales. See Note 7E.
©) Reclassified into Other (income)/deductions—net.

‘See Accompanying Notes.


Consolidated Balance Sheets
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

ee

As of December 31,

(MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) (2023 2022
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents 416
Short-term investments 22,316
‘Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts: 2023—$470; 2022—$449 10,952
Inventories 8,981
Current tax assets 3,577
Other current assets 5,017

Total current assets 43,333 $1,259
Equity-method investments 11,637 11,033
Long-term investments 3,731 4,036
Property, plant and equipment 18,940 16,274
Identifiable intangible assets 64,900 43,370
Goodwill 67,783 51,375
Noncurrent deferred tax assets and other noncurrent tax assets 3,706 6,693
Other noncurrent assets 12,474 13,163

Total assets

Liabilities and Equity

Short-term borrowings, including current portion of long-term debt: 2023—$2,254; 2022—$2,560 $ 10,350] $ 2,945
Trade accounts payable 6,710 6,809
Dividends payable 2,372 2,303
Income taxes payable 2,349 1,587
Accrued compensation and related items 2,776 3,407
Deferred revenues 2,700 2,520
Other current liabilities . 20,537 22,568
Total current liabilities 47,794 42,138
Long-term debt 61,538 32,884
Pension and postretirement benefit obligations 2,167 2,250
Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities 640 1,023
Other taxes payable 8,534 9,812
Other noncurrent liabilities 16,539 13,180
Total liabilities ] 137,213 101,288
Commitments and Contingencies
Preferred stock, no par value, at stated value; 27 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2023,
and December 31, 2022 - -
‘Common stock, $0.05 par value; 12,000 shares authorized; issued: 2023—-9,562; 2022—9,519 478 476
Additional paid-in capital 92,631 91,802
Treasury stock, shares at cost: 2023-3,916; 2022—3,903 (114,487) (113,969)
Retained earnings 118,353 125,656
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (7,961) (8,304)
Total Pfizer Inc. shareholders’ equity 89,014 95,661
Equity attributable to noncontrolling interests 274 256
Total equity 1 29,288 ( 95,916
Total liabilities and equity is 226,501 $ 197,205

See Accompanying Notes.

2023 Form 10-K


Consolidated Statements of Equity
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

PFIZER INC, SHAREHOLDERS

Common Stack “Treasury Stock
‘Aaa ‘Accum, Share- Non.
Pain Retained ‘Other holders’ controling Total
(MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) Shares Par Value Capial Shares Cost___Eamings Comp. Lass, Eaulty interests Equity
‘Balance, January 1, 2021 rs e407 8 470 —$ 66674 Gm) (110.986) $ 90382 $ (5310) $ 63238 8 235 § 63473
Net income 21,973 21973 6 22025
‘Other comprehensive incomelioes), net of tax (687) (687) ° (689)
Cash dividends dedlred, per share: $1.57
‘Common stock (8816) (2816) (8.816)
Noncontroting intorosts ) ®
‘Share-based payment transacions Cy 3 117 a (73) om 1470 1470
Other = 65) (85) ) (2)
Balance, December 31, 2021 oar a7 0.581 Gas (nna6n) 108,898 Geer) «77201 262 77.462
Not income 31.372 31372 35 31.407
Other comprehensive income/ioss). net of tax (aor) (2407) (15) (2422)
Cash dividends declared per share: $1.61
‘Common stock (9.037) (9037) (9037)
Noncontroling interests (13) (83)
Share-based payment transactions 48 2 1.192 413) (608) (73) 513 513
Purchases of comman stock 9) (2.000) (2.000) (2,000)
Other 19 = - 19 (13) 6
Balance, December 31, 2022 258 a 31,802 m3) (3969) 1,66 CE 256 5.916
Not income 2119 2,419 9 2,158
‘Other comprehensive incomei(loss), net of tax ua 443 (12) 331
Cash dividends declared, per share: $1.65
‘Common stock (9.316) (9.316) (9.316)
Noncentrolling Intorests, ® @}
Shore-based payment transactions 43 2 829 (12) (518) (106) 208 208
Other = - - - -
Balance, Docombor 31, 2023, [a a Gare §_ aon) _§ + (sen $ e004 $s a74_ 8

See Accompanying Notes.


Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

Year Ended December 31,

(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 2
Qperating Activities
Net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests $ 2158| $ 31,407 $= 22,0
Discontinued operations—net of tax I (15) 6 4
Net income from continuing operations before allocation to noncontrolling interests 2.472 31401 22.4
Adjustments to reconcile net income before allocation to noncontrolling interests to net cash
provided by/(used in) operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization 6,290 5,064 5A
‘Asset wrile-offs and impairments 3,408 550 2
Deferred taxes (3,442) (3,764) 42
‘Share-based compensation expense 525 872 14
Benefit plan contributions in excess of expensefincome (787) (1,158) G4
Inventory write-offs and related charges associated with COVID-19 products 6,199 1,183
Other adjustments, net (3,492) 758 (15
Other changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures:
Trade accounts receivable 347 261 38
{nventories® (1,169) (591) (4
Other assets (663) (4,506) (1,0
Trade accounts payable (300) 1,191 12
Other liabilities! 595 (1,449) 18,7
Other tax accounts, net (982) (545) (4
Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities from continuing operations 8,700 29,267 32.9
Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities from discontinued operations = - @
Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities I ‘700 | 29,267 32.8
lavesting Activities
Purchases of property, plant and equipment (3,907) (3,236) (27
Purchases of short-term investments (30,974) (36,384) (384
Proceeds from redemptions/sales of short-term investments 39,264 44,821 274
Net (purchases of/proceeds from redemptions/sales of short-term investments with original maturities of three months or less 5,174 (483) (8.0
Purchases of long-term investments (204) (1,913) (1.0
Proceeds from redemptionsisales of long-term investments 1,979 641 6
Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired (43,430) (22,997)
Dividend received from the Consumer Healthcare JV‘ - 3,960
Other investing activities, net (179) (192) @
Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities from continuing operations (32,278) (15,783) (22.5
Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities from discontinued operations = = i
Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities if (32,278) (15,783) (22.5
Financing Activities
Proceeds from short-term borrowings 4,525 3,891
Payments on short-term borrowings @) (3.887)
Net (payments on)/proceeds from short-term borrowings with original maturities of three months or less 3,161 (222) (
Proceeds from issuances of long-term debt 30,831 = 9
Payments on long-term debt (2,569) (3,298) (20
Purchases of common stock - (2,000)
Cash dividends paid (9,247) (8,983) 7
Other financing activities, net (631) (335)
Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities i 26,066 [ (14,834)
Effect of exchange-rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents 1 (40)) (165)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents 2,448 (1,515) 1
Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents, at beginning of period 468 1,983 18
Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents, at end of period s 2,917( $ 468 S$ 19

~ Continued -

Pfizer Inc.

2023 Form 10-K


Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

‘Supplemental Cash Flow Information
Cash paid/(received) during the period for:

Income taxes

Interest paid

Interest rate hedges
Non-cash transaction:

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities

2023

3,147
2,215
134

614

Ended December 31,
2022
$ 7,867 $
1,442
54
$ 752_$

2021

74
14

19

©) See Notes 84 and 17,
©) See Note 84.

© See Note 17¢.

© See Note 26.

‘See Accompanying Notes.

2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

Note 1. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies

A. Basis of Presentation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of our parent company and all subsidiaries and are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The decision of whether +
not to consolidate an entity for financial reporting purposes requires consideration of majarity voting interests, as well as effective economic or other control over the entity. Typical
we do not seek contro! by means other than voting interests. For subsidiaries operating outside the U.S., the financial information is included as of and for the year ended Novemt
30 for each year presented. Pfizer's fiscal year-end for U.S. subsidiaries is as of and for the year ended December 31 for each year presented. All significant transactions among +
subsidiaries have been eliminated.

In 2023, we managed our commercial operations through two operating segments, each led by a single manager: Biopharma and Business Innovation. Biopharma is the only
reportable segment. See Note 17.

On December 14, 2023, we completed the acquisition of Seagen. On December 31, 2021, we completed the sale of our Meridian subsidiary, the manufacturer of EpiPen and othe
auto-injector products. In addition, other acquisitions and business development activities completed in 2023, 2022 and 2021 impacted financial results in the periods presented. £
Note 2.

We have made certain reclassification adjustments to conform prior-period amounts to the current presentation. Certain amounts in the consolidated financial statements and
associated notes may not add due to rounding. All percentages have been calculated using unrounded amounts.

B_New Accounting Standards Adopted in 2023

(On January 1, 2023, we adopted a new accounting standard for supplier finance programs which requires increased disclosures in the notes to our financial statements. See Note
BC.

{In the second quarter of 2023, we adopted new accounting standards on reference rate reform that provide temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the guidance for
contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate that were discontinued after June 30, 2023. We applied certain of the
optional expedients related to hedge accounting relationships. The main purpose of the expedients is to allow hedge accounting to continue uninterrupted and make it easier to
apply the requirements to maintain hedge accounting during the transition period through December 31, 2024.

C. Estimates and Assumptions

In preparing these financial statements, we use certain estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and disclosures. These estimates and assumptions can impact al
elements of our financial statements. For example, in the consolidated statements of income, estimates are used when accounting for deductions from revenues, determining the
cost of inventory that is sold, allocating cost in the form of depreciation and amortization, and estimating restructuring charges and the impact of contingencies, as well as
determining provisions for taxes on income. On the consolidated balance sheets, estimates are used in determining the valuation and recoverability of assets, and in determining
reported amounts of liabilities, all of which also impact the consolidated statement of income. Certain estimates of fair value and amounts recorded in connection with acquisition
revenue deductions, impairment reviews, restructuring-associated charges, investments and financial instruments, valuation allowances, pension and postretirement benefit plans
contingencies, share-based compensation, and other calculations can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely heavily on
estimates and assumptions.

Our estimates are often based on complex judgments and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, but that can be inherently uncertain and unpredictable. If our estimates :
assumptions are not representative of actual outcomes, our results could be materially impacted. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, our
estimates and assumptions may prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, or unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that might cause us to change those estimates and
assumptions. We are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from estimated amounts, such as changes in the healthcare environment, competitic
litigation, legislation and regulations. We regularly evaluate our estimates and assumptions using historical experience and expectations about the future. We adjust our estimates
and assumptions when facts and circumstances indicate the need for change.

2D. Acquisitions

Our consolidated financial statements include the operations of acquired businesses after the completion of the acquisitions. We account for acquired businesses using the
acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, that most assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their estimated fair values as of the
acquisition date and that the fair value of acquired IPR&D be recorded on the balance sheet. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred. Any excess of the consideration
transferred over the assigned values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. When we acquire net assets that do not constitute a business, as defined in U.S. GAAP, r
goodwill is recognized and acquired IPR&D is expensed in Acquired in-process research and development expenses.

Contingent consideration in a business combination is included as part of the acquisition cost and is recognized at fair value as of the acquisition date. Fair value is generally
estimated by using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow approach. See Note 16D. Any liability resulting from contingent consideration is remeasured to fair value at each
reporting date until the contingency is resolved. These changes in fair value are recognized in earnings in Other (income)/deductions—net.

Fair Value

We measure certain assets and liabilities at fair value, either upon initial recognition or for subsequent accounting or reporting. We estimate fair value using an exit price approact
which requires, among other things, that we determine the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly market. The determination of an ¢
price is considered from the perspective of market participants,

Pfizer inc.) 2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

considering the highest and best use of non-financial assets and, for liabilities, assuming that the risk of non-performance will be the same before and after the transfer.

When estimating fair value, depending on the nature and complexity of the asset or liability, we may use one or all of the following techniques:
+ Income approach, which is based on the present value of a future stream of net cash flows.

+ Market approach, which is based on market prices and other information from market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities.
+ Cost approach, which is based on the cost to acquire or construct comparable assets, less an allowance for functional and/or economic obsolescence.
ur fair value methodologies depend on the following types of inputs:

+ Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets (Level 1 inputs).

+ Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets thal are not active, or inputs other than quot
prices that are directly or indirectly observable, or inputs that are derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data by correlation or other means (Level 2
inputs).

+ Unobservable inputs that reflect estimates and assumptions (Level 3 inputs).

‘The following inputs and valuation techniques are used to estimate the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities:

+ Available-for-sale debt securities—third-party matrix-pricing model that uses significant inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data and credit-adjusted yield
curves.

+ Equity securities with readily determinable fair values—quoted market prices and observable NAV prices.

+ Derivative assets and liabilities—third-party matrix-pricing model that uses inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. Where applicable, these models use
market-based observable inputs, including interest rate yield curves to discount future cash flow amounts, and forward and spot prices for currencies. The credit risk impact to <
derivative financial instruments was not significant.

+ Money market funds—observable NAV prices.

We periodically review the methodologies, inputs and outputs of third-party pricing services for reasonableness. Our procedures can include, for example, referencing other third-
party pricing models, monitoring key observable inputs (like benchmark interest rates) and selectively performing test-comparisons of values with actual sales of financial
instruments.

£ Foreign Currency Translation

For most of our international operations, local currencies have been determined to be the functional currencies. We translate functional currency assets and liabilities to their U.S.
dollar equivalents at exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet date and income and expense amounts at average exchange rates for the period. The U.S. dollar effects tha
arise from changing translation rates are recorded in Other comprehensive income/{loss). The effects of converting non-functional currency monetary assets and liabilities into the
functional currency are recorded in Other (income)/deductions—net.. For operations in highly inflationary economies, we translate monetary items at rates in effect as of the balan
‘sheet date, with translation adjustments recorded in Other (income)/deductions—net, and we translate non-monetary items at historical rates.

G. Revenues and Trade A Re

Revenue Recognition—We record revenues from product sales when there is a transfer of control of the product from us to the customer. We typically determine transfer of contr:
based on when the product is shipped or delivered and title passes to the customer. For certain contracts, the finished product may temporarily be stored at our or our third-party
subcontractors’ locations under a bill-and-hold arrangement. Revenue is recognized on bill-and-hold arrangements at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the
product and all of the following criteria have been met: the arrangement is substantive; the product is identified separately as belonging to the customer; the product is ready for
physical transfer to the customer, and we do not have the ability to use the product or direct it to another customer. In bill-and-hold arrangements which are part of the U.S.
Government Strategic National Stockpile, we recognize revenue for the product sale when the product is initially placed into the Stockpile and we provide a rotation service to
‘maintain an agreed upon level of shelf life for product in the stockpile. In determining when the customer obtains control of the product, we consider certain indicators, including
whether we have a present right to payment from the customer, whether title and/or significant risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the customer and whether
customer acceptance has been received.

In the fourth quarter of 2023, we began reporting Product revenues and Alliance revenues as separate line items in our consolidated statements of income. Prior-period amounts
have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation.

Our Sales Contracts—Sales on credit are typically under short-term contracts. Collections are based on market payment cycles common in various markets, with shorter cycles ir
the U.S. Sales are adjusted for sales allowances, chargebacks, rebates and sales returns and cash discounts. Sales returns may accur due to LOE, product recalls or a changing
competitive environment.

Deductions from Revenues—Our gross product revenues are subject to a variety of deductions, which generally are estimated and recorded in the same period that the revenues
are recognized. Such variable consideration represents chargebacks, rebates, sales allowances and sales returns. These deductions represent estimates of the related obligation
and, as such, knowledge and judgment is required when estimating the impact of these product revenue deductions on gross sales for a reporting period.

Provisions for pharmaceutical sales returns—Provisions are based on a calculation for each market that incorporates the following, as appropriate: local returns policies and
practices; historical returns as a percentage of sales; an understanding of the reasons for past returns; estimated shelf life by product; an estimate of the amount of time between
shipment and return or lag time; and any other factors that could

Pfizer inc.) 2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

impact the estimate of future returns, such as LOE, product recalls or a changing competitive environment. Generally, returned products are destroyed, and customers are refund:
the sales price in the form of a credit.

We record sales incentives as a reduction of revenues at the time the related revenues are recorded or when the incentive is offered, whichever is later. We estimate the cost of 0
sales incentives based on our historical experience with similar incentives programs to predict customer behavior.

The following outlines our common sales arrangements:

+ Customers—Our prescription biopharmaceutical products, with the exception of Paxlovid in 2022 and 2023, are sold principally to wholesalers, but we also sell directly to retail
hospitals, clinics, government agencies and pharmacies. In 2022 and 2023, we principally sold Paxlovid globally to government agencies. Our vaccines in the U.S. are primarily
sold directly to the federal government (including the CDC), wholesalers, individual provider offices, retail pharmacies and integrated delivery systems. Our vaccines outside the
USS. are primarily sold to government and non-government institutions. Prescription pharmaceutical products that ultimately are used by patients are generally covered under
governmental programs, managed care programs and insurance programs, including those managed through PBMs, and are subject to sales allowances and/or rebates payat
directly to those programs. Those sales allowances and rebates are generally negotiated, but government programs may have legislated amounts by type of product (2.9.,
patented or unpatented).

Specifically:

+ Inthe U.S., we sell our products principally to distributors and hospitals. We also have contracts with managed care programs or PBMs and legislatively mandated contracts wi
the federal and state governments under which we provide rebates based on medicines utilized by the lives they cover. We record provisions for Medicare, Medicaid, and
performance-based contract pharmaceutical rebates based upon our experience ratio of rebates paid and actual prescriptions written during prior periods. We apply the
experience ratio to the respective period's sales to determine the rebate accrual and related expense. This experience ratio is evaluated regularly to ensure that the historical
trends are as current as practicable. We estimate discounts on branded prescription drug sales to Medicare Part D participants in the Medicare “coverage gap,” also known as
“doughnut hole,” based on the historical experience of beneficiary prescriptions and consideration of the utilization that is expected to result from the discount in the coverage g
We evaluate this estimate regularly to ensure that the historical trends and future expectations are as current as practicable. For performance-based contract rebates, we also
consider current contract terms, such as changes in formulary status and rebate rates.

+ Outside the U.S., the majority of our pharmaceutical sales allowances are contractual or legislatively mandated and our estimates are based on actual invoiced sales within eac
period, which reduces the risk of variations in the estimation process. In certain European countries, rebates are calculated on the government's total unbudgeted pharmaceutic
spending or on specific product sales thresholds and we apply an estimated allocation factor against our actual invoiced sales to project the expected level of reimbursement. V
obtain third-party information that helps us to monitor the adequacy of these accruals.

+ Provisions for pharmaceutical chargebacks (primarily reimbursements to U.S. wholesalers for honoring contracted prices and legislated discounts to third parties) closely
approximate actual amounts incurred, as we settle these deductions generally within two to five weeks of incurring the liability,

We recorded direct product sales and/or Alliance revenues of more than $1 billion for each of nine products in 2023, for each of ten products in 2022 and for each of nine product:
2021. In the aggregate, these direct product sales and/or Alliance revenues represented 64%, 82% and 75% of our Total revenues in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Not
ZC. The loss or expiration of intellectual property rights can have a significant adverse effect on our revenues as our contracts with customers will generally be at lower selling
prices and lower volumes due to added generic competition. We generally provide for higher sales returns during the period in which individual markets begin to near the loss or
expiration of intellectual property rights.

Our accruals for Medicare, Medicaid and related state program and performance-based contract rebates, chargebacks, sales allowances and sales relurns and cash discounts at
as follows:

As of December 31,

(ILLIONS) 2023 20
Reserve against Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts 3 4,770] $ 1.2
Other current liabilities:

‘Accrued rebates 5,546 44

Other accruals 902 4
Other noncurrent liabilities 796 e
Total accrued rebates and other sales-related accruals $ 9.0141 $ 67:

Taxes collected from customers relating to product sales and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from Product revenues.

Trade Accounts Receivable—Trade accounts receivable are stated at their net realizable value. The allowance for credit losses reflects our best estimate of expected credit losse:
the receivables portfolio determined on the basis of historical experience, current information, and forecasts of future economic conditions. In developing the estimate for expectec
credit losses, trade accounts receivables are segmented into pools of assets depending on market (U.S. versus international), delinquency status, and customer type (high risk
versus low risk and government versus non-government), and fixed reserve percentages are established for each pool of trade accounts receivables.

In determining the reserve percentages for each pool of trade accounts receivables, we considered our historical experience with certain customers and customer types, regulatot
and legal environments, country and political risk, and other relevant current and future forecasted macroeconomic factors. These credit risk indicators are monitored on a quarter

basis to determine whether there have been any changes in the economic environment that would indicate the established reserve percentages should be adjusted, and are
considered on a regional basis to reflect more geographic-specific metrics. Additionally, write-offs and recoveries of customer receivables are tracked against collections


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

‘on a quarterly basis to determine whether the reserve percentages remain appropriate. When management becomes aware of certain customer-specific factors that impact credit
risk, specific allowances for these known troubled accounts are recorded. Trade accounts receivable are written off after all reasonable means to collect the full amount (including
litigation, where appropriate) have been exhausted.

During 2023 and 2022, additions to the allowance for credit losses, write-offs and recoveries of customer receivables were not material to our consolidated financial statements.

H. Collaborative Arrangements

Payments to and from our collaboration partners are presented in our consolidated statements of income based on the nature of the arrangement (including its contractual terms)
the nature of the payments and applicable accounting guidance. Under co-commercialization agreements, we record the amounts received for our share of gross profits from our
collaboration partners as Alliance revenues, when our collaboration partners are the principal in the transaction and we receive a share of their net sales or profits. Alliance revent
are recorded as we perform co-promotion activities for the collaboration and the collaboration partners sell the products to their customers. The related expenses for selling and
marketing these products including reimbursements to or from our collaboration partners for these costs are included in Selling, informational and administrative expenses. In
collaborative arrangements where we manufacture a product for our collaboration partners, we record revenues when we transfer control of the product to our collaboration partn«
In collaboration arrangements where we are the principal in the transaction, we record amounts paid to collaboration partners for their share of net sales or profits earned, and all
royalty payments to collaboration partners as Cost of sales. Royalty payments received from collaboration partners are included in Other (income)/deductions—net.

Reimbursements to oF from our collaboration partners for development costs are typically recorded in Research and development expenses. Upfront payments and pre-approval
milestone payments due from us to our collaboration partners in development stage collaborations are recorded as Acquired in-process research and development expenses,
Milestone payments due from us to our collaboration partners after regulatory approval has been attained for a medicine are recorded in Identifiable intangible assets—developed
technology rights. Upfront and pre-approval milestone payments eamed from our collaboration partners by us are recognized in Other (income)/deductions—net over the
development period for the products, when our performance obligations include providing R&D services to our collaboration partners. Upfront, pre-approval and post-approval
milestone payments earned by us may be recognized in Other (income}/deductions—net immediately when earned or over other periods depending upon the nature of our
performance obligations in the applicable collaboration. Where the milestone event is regulatory approval for a medicine, we generally recognize milestone payments due to us in
the transaction price when regulatory approval in the applicable jurisdiction has been attained. We may recognize milestone payments due to us in the transaction price earlier the
the milestone event in certain circumstances when recognition of the income would not be probable of a significant reversal.

£ Gost of Sales and Inventories

Inventories are recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The cost of finished goods, work in process and raw materials is determined using average actual cost. We
regularly review our inventories for impairment and reserves are established when necessary. Inventories that are not expected to be sold within 12 months are classified as Othe
noncurrent assets. See Note 8A.

J. Selling informational and Administrative Expenses

Selling, informational and administrative costs are expensed as incurred. Among other things, these expenses include the internal and extemal costs of marketing, advertising,
shipping and handling, digital and legal defense. Advertising expenses totaled approximately $3.7 billion in 2023, $2.8 billion in 2022 and $2.0 billion in 2021. Production costs are
expensed as incurred and the costs of TV, radio, and other electronic media and publications are expensed when the related advertising occurs.

K. Research and Development Expenses

R&D costs are expensed as incurred. These expenses include the costs of our proprietary R&D efforts, as well as R&D a
arrangements.

L. Acquired In-Pr h velopment Expenses

Before a compound receives regulatory approval, we record upfront and milestone payments we make to third parties under licensing and collaboration arrangements as expense
Upfront payments are recorded when incurred, and milestone payments are recorded when the specific milestone has been achieved. Once a compound receives regulatory
approval, we record any milestone payments in identifiable intangible assets, less accumulated amortization and, unless the asset is determined to have an indefinite life, we
typically amortize the payments on a straight-line basis over the remaining agreement term or the expected product life cycle, whichever is shorter. Acquired in-process research :
development expenses includes costs incurred in connection with () all upfront and milestone payments on collaboration and in-license agreements, including premiums on equi
securities and (b) asset acquisitions of acquired IPR&D.

M, Amortization of intangible Assets, Depreciation and Certain Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets include:

ies performed in connection with certain licensing

+ Property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation—These assets are recorded at cost, including any significant improvements after purchase, less accumulated
depreciation. Property, plant and equipment assets, other than land and construction in progress, are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the
individual assets. Depreciation begins when the asset is ready for its intended use. For tax purposes, accelerated depreciation methods are used as allowed by tax laws.

+ Identifiable intangible assets, less accumulated amortization—These assets are recorded at fair value at acquisition. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized on a straigl
line basis over their estimated useful lives. Intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized until a useful life can be determined.


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

+ GoodwiltH—Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration transferred for an acquired business over the assigned values of its net assets. Goodwill is not amortized.
Amortization of finite-lived acquired intangible assets is included in Amortization of intangible assets.

We review our long-lived assets for impairment indicators throughout the year. We perform impairment testing for indefinite-tived intangible assets and goodwill at least annually a
for all other long-lived assets whenever impairment indicators are present, When necessary, we record impairments of long-lived assets for the amount by which the fair value is I
than the carrying value of these assets.

Specifically:

+ For finite-lived intangible assets, such as developed technology rights, and for other long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment, whenever impairment indicators +
present, we calculate the undiscounted value of the projected cash flows for the asset, or asset group, and compare this estimated amount to the carrying amount. If the carryir
amount is greater, we record an impairment loss for the excess of book value over fair value. In addition, in all cases of an impairment review, we reevaluate the remaining usel
lives of the assets and modify them, as appropriate.

+ For indefinitestived intangible assets, such as brands and IPR&D assets, when necessary, we determine the fair value of the asset and record an impairment loss, if any, for the
‘excess of book value over fair value. In addition, in all cases of an impairment review other than for IPR&D assets, we re-evaluate whether continuing to characterize the asset
indefinite-lived is appropriate.

+ For goodwill, when necessary, we determine the fair value of each reporting unit and record an impairment loss, if any, for the excess of the book value of the reporting unit ove
the implied fair value.

N. Restructuring Charges and Other Costs Associated with Acquisitions and Cost-Re luctivity Initiatives

We incur restructuring charges in connection with acquisitions when we implement plans to restructure and integrate the acquired operations or in connection with our cost-reduct
and productivity initiatives.

. integrating the acquired operations (which may include expenditures f
tha

+ Inconnection with acquisition activity, we typically incur costs associated with executing the transaction:
consulting and the integration of systems and processes), and restructuring the combined company (which may include charges related to employees, assets and activit
will not continue in the combined company); and

+ Inconnection with our cost-reduction/productivity initiatives, we typically incur costs and charges for site closings and other facility rationalization actions, workforce reductions :
the expansion of shared services, including the development of global systems.

Included in Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs are all restructuring charges, as well as certain other costs associated with acquiring and integrating an
acquired company. If the restructuring action results in a change in the estimated useful life of an asset, that incremental impact is classified in Cost of sales, Selling, informationa.
and administrative expenses and/or Research and development expenses, as appropriate. Employee termination costs are generally recorded when the actions are probable and
estimable and include accrued severance benefits, pension and postretirement benefits, many of which may be paid out during periods after termination. Transaction costs, such
banking, legal, accounting and other similar costs incurred in connection with a business acquisition are expensed as incurred.

‘Our business and platform functions may be impacted by these actions, including sales and marketing, manufacturing and R&D, as well as our corporate enabling functions.

Q. Cash Equivalents and Statement of Cash Flows

Cash equivalents include items almost as liquid as cash, such as certificates of deposit and time deposits with maturity periods of three months or less when purchased. If items
meeting this definition are part of a larger investment pool, we classify them as Short-term investments.

Cash flows for financial instruments designated as fair value or cash flow hedges may be included in operating, investing or financing activities, depending on the classification of
items being hedged. Cash flows for financial instruments designated as net investment hedges are classified according to the nature of the hedging instrument. Cash flows for
financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment are classified according to their purpose and accounting nature.

B. Investments and Derivative Financial Instruments

The classification of an investment depends on the nature of the investment, our intent and ability to hold the investment, and the degree to which we may exercis
investments are primarily comprised of the following

+ Public equity securities with readily determinable fair values, which are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value reported in Other (income)/deductions—net.
+ Available-for-sale debt securities, which are carried at fair value, with changes in fair value reported in Other comprehensive income/{loss) until realized.
+ Held-to-maturity debt securities, which are carried at amortized cost.

+ Private equity securities without readily determinable fair values and where we have no significant influence are measured at cost minus any impairment and plus or minus
adjustments resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer.

+ For equity investments in common stock or in-substance common stock where we have significant influence over the financial and operating policies of the investee, we use tht
equity-method of accounting. Under the equity-method, we record our share of the investee’s income and expenses in Other (income)/deductions—net. The excess of the cost
the investment over our share of the underlying equity in the net assets of the investee as of the acquisition date is allocated to the identifiable assets and liabilities of the inves’
with any remaining

Pfizer ine.? "2023 Form 10-K "62


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

excess amount allocated to goodwill. Such investments are initially recorded at cost, which is the fair value of consideration paid and typically does not include contingent
consideration.

Realized gains or losses on sales of investments are determined by using the specific identification cost method.

We regularly evaluate all of our financial assets for impairment. For investments in debt and equity, if and when a decline in fair value is determined, an impairment charge is
recorded and a new cost basis in the investment is established. For equity-method investments, an impairment charge is recorded only if and when a decline in fair value is,
determined to be other-than-temporary.

Derivative financial instruments are carried at fair value in certain balance sheet categories (see Note 7A), with changes in fair value reported in net income or, for certain qualifyir
hedging relationships, in Other comprehensive income/(loss) (see Note 7E).

Q. Tax Assets and Liabilities and Income Tax Contingencies

Tax Assets and Liabilities—Current tax assets primarily include (i) tax effects for intercompany transfers of inventory within our combined group, which are recognized in the
consolidated statements of income when the inventory is sold to a third party and (ii) income tax receivables that are expected to be recovered either via refunds from taxing
authorities or reductions to future tax obligations.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities us
enacted tax rates and laws. We provide a valuation allowance when we believe that our deferred tax assets are not recoverable based on an assessment of estimated future taxa
income that incorporates ongoing, prudent and feasible tax-planning strategies, that would be implemented, if necessary, to realize the deferred tax assets. Amounts recorded for
valuation allowances requires judgments about future income which can depend heavily on estimates and assumptions. All deferred tax assets and liabilities within the same tax
jurisdiction are presented as a net amount in the noncurrent section of our consolidated balance sheet.

The TCJA subjects a U.S. shareholder to current tax on global intangible low-taxed income earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. The FASB Staff Q&A, Topic 740, No. 5,
Accounting for Global intangible Low-Taxed Income, states that we are permitted to make an accounting policy election to either recognize deferred taxes for temporary basis
differences expected to reverse as global intangible low-taxed income in future years or provide for the tax expense related to such income in the year the tax is incurred, We elec
to recognize deferred taxes for temporary differences expected to reverse as global intangible low-taxed income in future years.

Other non-current tax assets primarily represent our estimate of the potential tax benefits in one tax jurisdiction that could result from the payment of income taxes in another tax
jurisdiction. These potential benefits generally result from cooperative efforts among taxing authorities, as required by tax treaties to minimize double taxation, commonly referred
as the competent authority process. The recoverability of these assets, which we believe to be more likely than not, is dependent upon the actual payment of taxes in one tax
jurisdiction and, in some cases, the successful petition for recovery in another tax jurisdiction.

Other taxes payable as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 include liabilities for uncertain tax positions and the noncurrent portion of the repatriation tax liability for which we elected
payment over eight years through 2026. See Note 5D for uncertain tax positions and Note 5A for the repatriation tax liability and other estimates and assumptions in connection w
the TCJA.

Income Tax Contingencies—We account for income tax contingencies using @ benefit recognition model. If we consider that a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained
upon audit, based solely on the technical merits of the position, we recognize all or a portion of the benefit. We measure the benefit by determining the amount that is greater thar
50% likely of being realized upon settlement, presuming that the tax position is examined by the taxing authority with full knowledge of all relevant information.

We regularly monitor our position and subsequently recognize the unrecognized tax benefit: (i) if there are changes in tax law, analogous case law or there is new information thal
sufficiently raise the likelihood of prevailing on the technical merits of the position to “more likely than not”; (i) ifthe statute of limitations expires; or (ii) if there is a completion of a
audit resulting in a favorable settlement of that tax year with the appropriate agency. Liabilities for uncertain tax positions are classified as current only when we expect to pay cas
within the next 12 months. Interest and penalties, if any, are recorded in Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income and are classified on our consolidated balance sheet with the relat
tax liability.

‘Our assessments are based on estimates and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by management, but our estimates of unrecognized tax benefits and potential tax
benefits may not be representative of actual outcomes, and variation from such estimates could materially affect our financial statements in the period of settlement or when the
statutes of limitations expire, as we treat these events as discrete items in the period of resolution.

R. Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans

The majority of our employees worldwide are covered by defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans or both. In the U.S., we have both IRC-qualified and supplemer
(non-qualified) defined benefit plans and defined contribution plans, as well as other postretirement benefit plans consisting primarily of medical insurance for retirees and their
eligible dependents. Net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs other than the service costs are recognized in Other (income)/deductions—net. We immediately recogt
actuarial gains and losses arising from the remeasurement of our pension and postretirement plans (mark-to-market accounting). Each time a pension or postretirement plan is
remeasured, the actuarial gain or loss is recognized immediately and classified as Other (income)/deductions—net. We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of each «
our defined benefit plans as an asset or liability. The obligations are generally measured at the actuarial present value of all benefits attributable to employee service rendered, as
provided by the applicable benefit formula. Our pension and other postretirement obligations may be determined using assumptions such as discount rate, expected annual rate ¢
return on plan assets, expected employee tumover and participant mortality. For our pension plans, the obligation may also include assumptions as to future compensation levels.
For our other postretirement benefit plans, the obligation may include assumptions as to the expected cost of providing medical insurance benefits, as well as the extent to which
those costs are shared with the employee or others (such as governmental programs). Plan assets are measured at fair value.

“63


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

‘S. Legal and Environmental Contingencies

We and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, such as patent litigation, product liability and other product-
related litigation, commercial and other asserted or unasserted matters, environmental claims and proceedings, government investigations and guarantees and indemnifications. |
assessing contingencies related to legal and environmental proceedings that are pending against the Company, or unasserted claims that are probable of being asserted, we recc
accruals for these contingencies to the extent that we conclude that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. If some amount within a range of loss appears to be a bette
estimate than any other amount within the range, we accrue that amount. Alternatively, when no amount within a range of loss appears to be a better estimate than any other
‘amount, we accrue the lowest amount in the range. We record anticipated recoveries under existing insurance contracts when recovery is assured.

LT Share-Based Payments

‘Our compensation programs can include share-based payments. Generally, grants under share-based payment programs are accounted for at fair value and these fair values are
generally amortized on a straightline basis or on an accelerated attribution approach over the vesting terms with the related costs recorded in Cost of sales, Selling, informationai
and administrative expenses andlor Research and development expenses, as appropriate.

Note 2. Acqui ig Arrangement, Collaborative Arrangements and Research and Developme:
Arrangement

ions, Divestitures, Equity-Method Investments, Licens

A. Acquisitions

Seagen—On December 14, 2023 (the acquisition date), we acquired Seagen, a global biotechnology company that discovers, develops and commercializes transformative cance
medicines, for $229 per share in cash. The total fair value of the consideration transferred was $44.2 billion ($43.4 billion, niet of cash acquired). In addition, in connection with the
acquisition $476 million in post-closing compensation expense for Seagen employee incentive awards was recorded in Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related cost:
(see Note 3). The combination of local Pfizer and Seagen entities may be pending in various jurisdictions and integration is subject to completion of various local legal and regulat
steps.

Seagen's principal business was the development, manufacture, marketing and distribution of targeted cancer therapeutics, primarily using antibody-drug conjugate technology.
Seagen's portfolio includes four approved medicines as well as a pipeline of product candidates. Clinical development programs are ongoing for each of these approved medicine
for potential new or expanded indications and for several product candidates. We believe our acquisition of Seagen will strengthen our oncology capabilities by allowing us to
combine Seagen's antibody-drug conjugate technology with the resources and scale of the Pfizer enterprise and to advance more potential breakthroughs to patients with cancer.

The following table summarizes the provisional amounts recognized for assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. The estimated values are not yet finaliz:
(see below) and are subject to change, which could be significant. We will finalize the amounts recognized as we obtain the information necessary to complete the analyses. We
expect to finalize these amounts as soon as possible but no later than one year from the acquisition date.

‘Amounts Recogni:

as of Acquisition D

(1an.uons) (Provisior
Working capital, excluding inventories™ $ 7,
Inventories® 44
Property, plant and equipment 8
Identifiable intangible assets, excluding in-process research and development"? 19
In-process research and development 208
Other noncurrent assets ?
Net income tax accounts 4,
Other noncurrent liabilities, a
Total identifiable net assets 28,1;
Good 16,1)
ig 44.2

Net assets acquired/total consideration transferred

(©) Includes cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts payable, accrued compensation and other current liabilities.

© Comprised of $1.0 billion current inventories and $3.1 billion noncurrent inventories.

(©) Comprised mainly of $7.5 billion of finite-lived developed technology rights with an estimated weighted-average life of approximately 18 years.

(© As of the acquisition date, included primarily in Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities.

The following items are subject to change:

+ Amounts for certain balances included in working capital (excluding inventories), and certain legal contingencies, pending receipt of certain information that could affect provisic
‘amounts recorded. We do not believe any adjustments for legal contingencies will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

+ Amounts for identifiable intangible assets, inventories, contractual commitments, PP&E, and operating lease ROU assets and liabilities, pending finalization of valuation efforts,

the completion of certain physical inventory counts and the confirmation of the physical existence and condition of certain PP&E assets.


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

+ Amounts for income tax assets, receivables and liabilities, pending the filing of Seagen’s pre-acquisition tax returns and the receipt of information, including but not limited to th:
from taxing authorities, which may change certain estimates and assumptions used.

As of the acquisition date, the fair value of accounts receivable approximated the book value acquired. The gross contractual amount receivable was $597 million.

In the ordinary course of business, Seagen may incur liabilities for environmental, legal and tax matters, as well as guarantees and indemnifications. These matters may include
contingencies. Except as specifically excluded by the relevant accounting standard, contingencies are required to be measured at fair value as of the acquisition date if the
acquisition-date fair value of the asset or liability arising from a contingency can be determined. If the acquisition-date fair value of the asset or liability cannot be determined, the
asset or liability would be recognized at the acquisition date if both of the following criteria are met: (i) it is probable that an asset existed or that a liability had been incurred at the
acquisition date, and (ii) the amount of the asset or liability can be reasonably estimated,

+ Environmental Matters—In the ordinary course of business, Seagen may incur lial
environmental guarantees and indemnifications.

+ Lega! Matters—Seagen is involved in various legal proceedings, including patent, intellectual property, and product liability matters of a nature considered normal to its busines
The contingencies arising from legal matters are not significant to our consolidated financial statements.

+ Tax Matters—In the ordinary course of business, Seagen incurs liabilities for income taxes. Income taxes are exceptions to both the recognition and fair value measurement
principles associated with the accounting for business combinations. Reserves for income tax contingencies continue to be measured under the benefit recognition model
previously used by Seagen (see Note 1Q). Net liabilities for income taxes as of the acquisition date were $6.1 billion, including $56 million for uncertain tax positions. The net te
liability includes $7.5 billion for the tax impact of fair value adjustments, partially offset by $1.4 billion for deferred tax assets on which Seagen had recognized a valuation
allowance.

'S for environmental matters such as remediation work, asset retirement obligations and

Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquire
that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. Specifically, the goodwill recorded as part of the acquisition of Seagen includes the following:

+ the expected specific synergies and other benefits that we believe will result from combining the operations of Seagen with the operations of Pfizer;

+ any intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, as well as future, as yet unidentified projects and products; and

+ the value of the going-concern element of Seagen’s existing businesses (the higher rate of return on the assembled collection of net assets versus if Pfizer had acquired all of t
net assets separately).

Goodwill is not amortized and is not deductible for tax purposes. All of the goodwill related to the acquisition of Seagen is related to our Biopharma segment (see Note 10).

Actual and Pro Forma Impact of Acquisition—The following table presents information for Seagen’s operations that are included in Pfizer's consolidated statements of income
beginning from the acquisition date, December 14, 2023, through Pfizer's year-end in 2023:

December 3
(MILLIONS) 202
Revenues 's 412i
Net loss attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders”! t (74

Includes restructuring, integration and acquisition-related costs ($614 millon pre-tax) and purchase accounting charges related to (i) the preliminary fair value adjustment for acquisition-date inventory
estimated to have been sold ($109 million pre-tax); (i) amortization expense related to the preliminary fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired from Seagen ($25 million pre-tax); as well as (i
depreciation expense related {o the preliminary fair value adjustment of fixed assets acquired from Seagen ($2 million pre-tax).

The following table provides unaudited U.S. GAAP supplemental pro forma information as if the acquisition of Seagen had occurred on January 1, 2022:
Unaudited Supplemental Pro Forma Consolidated Results

Year Ended December 31,
(MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) 2023 a
Revenues $ 60,632| $ 102,1
Net income/(loss) attributable to Pfizer Inc, common shareholders (1,474), 279
Diluted earningsi/{loss) per share attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders (0.26)! 4.

The unaudited supplemental pro forma consolidated results do not purport to reflect what the combined company's results of operations would have been had the acquisition
‘occurred on January 1, 2022, nor do they project the future results of operations of the combined company or reflect the expected realization of any cost savings associated with |
acquisition. The actual results of operations of the combined company may differ significantly from the pro forma adjustments reflected here due to many factors.

‘The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information includes various assumptions, including those related to the preliminary purchase price allocation of the assets acquir

and the liabilities assumed from Seagen, The historical U.S. GAAP financial information of Pfizer and Seagen was adjusted, primarily for the following pre-tax adjustment

+ Additional amortization expense (approximately $503 million in 2023 and $526 miillion in 2022) related to the preli
acquired.

inary estimate of the fair value of identifiable intangible asse


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

+ Additional expense related to the preliminary estimate of the fair value adjustment to acquisition-date inventory estimated to have been sold (approximately $796 million in 202:
and $887 million in 2022).

+ Additional interest expense (approximately $984 milion in 2023 and $2.0 billion in 2022) related to the estimated debt issued by Pfizer and the commercial paper borrowings to
Partially finance the acquisition.

+ Elimination of interest income (approximately $1.2 billion in 2023 and $267 million in 2022) related to the debt issuance proceeds that were invested prior to the acquisition date
and associated with money market funds under the assumption that a portion of these funds would have been liquidated to partially fund the acquisition.

+ Adjustment to move Seagen royalty income received from collaboration partners (approximately $203 million in 2023 and $165 million in 2022) from total revenues to other
(income)/deductions, which is consistent with Pfizer's presentation in 2023.

‘The above adjustments were then adjusted for the applicable tax impact using an estimated weighted-average statutory tax rate applied to the applicable pro forma adjustments.
‘The acquisition of Seagen had no impact on Pfizer's weighted-average shares as no shares were issued.

GBT—On October 5, 2022, we acquired GBT, a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery, development and delivery of life-changing treatments for underserved
patient communities, starting with sickle cell disease, for $68.50 per share in cash. The total fair value of the consideration transferred was $5.7 billion ($5.2 billion, net of cash
acquired). In addition, $136 million in payments to GBT employees for the fair value of previously unvested long-term incentive awards was recognized as post-closing
compensation expense and recorded in Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs (see Note 3).

The final allocation of the consideration transferred to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed was completed in 2023. In connection with this business combination, we
recorded: (i) $4.4 billion in /dentifiable intangible assets, consisting of $3.0 billion of IPR&D and $1.4 billion of developed technology rights with a useful life of six years, (ii) $1.1
billion of Goodwill, (iii) $644 million of inventories to be sold over approximately three years, (iv) $516 million of net deferred tax liabilities and (v) $331 million of assumed long-ten
debt that was paid in full in the fourth quarter of 2022.

Biohaven—On October 3, 2022, we acquired Biohaven, the maker of Nurtec ODT/Vydura (rimegepant), an innovative therapy approved for both acute treatment of migraine and
prevention of episodic migraine in adults. The transaction included the acquisition of Biohaven's CGRP programs, including rimegepant, zavegepant and a portfolio of five pre-clin
CGRP assets. Under the terms of the agreement, we acquired all outstanding common shares of Biohaven not already owned by us for $148.50 per share, in cash, for payments
approximately $11.5 billion, plus repayment of third-party debt of $863 million and redemption of Biohaven's redeemable preferred stock for $495 million. Effective immediately pri
to the closing of the acquisition, Biohaven completed the spin-off of Bichaven Ltd. (NYSE: BHVN), distributing Biohaven Ltd.'s shares to Biohaven shareholders. Biohaven Ltd.
became a new publicly traded company that retained Biohaven’s non-CGRP development stage pipeline compounds. Pfizer, a Biohaven shareholder, received a pro rata portion «
Biohaven Ltd.'s shares in the distribution and owns approximately 1.3% of Biohaven Ltd. as of December 31, 2023.

This acquisition follows on the November 2021 collaboration for the commercialization of rimegepant and zavegepant outside the U.S., in connection with which Pfizer acquired
2.6% of Biohaven's common stock (see Note 2E). Biohaven Ltd. also has the right to receive tiered royalties from Pfizer on any annual net sales of rimegepant and zavegepant in
the U.S. in excess of $5.25 billion. This contingent consideration was determined to have no fair value as of the acquisition date. Pfizer also acquired Biohaven's commitments for
payment of high single digit to mid-teen percentage tiered royalties on world-wide net sales excluding China and low to high single digit royalties on net sales in China of rimegep:
and zavegepant as well as certain regulatory approval and commercial milestone payments associated with rimegepant and zavegepant of up to $1.1 billion under pre-existing thi
party license and other agreements. These milestone amounts have been reduced by $608 million since the acquisition due to payments made and renegotiation of certain of the
applicable agreements.

The total fair value of the consideration transferred was $11.8 billion, which includes the fair value of Pfizer's previous investment in Biohaven on the acquisition date of
approximately $300 million. The final allocation of the consideration transferred to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed was completed in 2023. In connection with this
business combination, we recorded: (i) $12.1 billion in /dentifiable intangible assets, consisting of $11.6 billion of developed technology rights with a useful life of 11 years and $4£
million of IPR&D, (ji) $823 million of Goodwill, (ii) $813 million of inventories to be sold over approximately two years, (iv) $398 million of trade accounts receivable, (v) $1.4 billion
assumed long-term debt that was paid in full in the fourth quarter of 2022, (vi) $544 million of net deferred tax liabilities and (vii) $526 million of Other current liabilities.

Arena—On March 11, 2022, we acquired Arena, a clinical stage company with development-stage therapeutic candidates in gastroenterology, dermatology and cardiology, for $1!
per share in cash. The total fair value of the consideration transferred was $6.6 billion ($6.2 billion, net of cash acquired). In addition, $138 million in payments to Arena employee:
for the fair value of previously unvested long-term incentive awards was recognized as post-closing compensation expense and recorded in Restructuring charges and certain
acquisition-related costs (see Note 3).

The final allocation of the consideration transferred to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed was completed in 2023. In connection with this business combination, we
recorded: (i) $5.5 billion in Identifiable intangible assets, consisting of $5.0 billion of IPR&D and $460 million of indefinite-lived licensing agreements and other, (ii) $1.0 billion of
Goodwill and (iii) $490 million of net deferred tax liabilities.

ReViral—On June 9, 2022, we acquired ReViral, a privately held, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing novel antivir
therapeutics that target respiratory syncytial virus, for a total consideration of up to $536 milion, including upfront payments of $436 million upon closing (including a base paymer
of $425 million plus working capital adjustments) and an additional $100 million contingent upon a future development milestone for a secondary pipeline asset. It was subsequen
determined the applicable milestone was not achieved.

We accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition since the lead asset, sisunatovir, represented substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired. At the
acquisition date, we recorded a $426 million charge representing an acquired IPR&D asset with no alternative

Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 66


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

use in Acquired in-process research and development expenses, which is presented as a cash outflow from operating activities. Other assets acquired and liabilities assumed we
not significant.

Trilium—On November 17, 2021, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding common stock not already owned by Pfizer of Trillium, a clinical stage immuno-oncology compan
developing therapies targeting cancer immune evasion pathways and specific cell targeting approaches, for $18.50 per share in cash, for total consideration of $2.0 billion, net of
cash acquired. As a result, Trillium became our wholly owned subsidiary. We previously held a 2% ownership investment in Trillium. Trillum's lead program, TTI-622, is an
investigational fusion protein that is designed to block the inhibitory activity of CD47, a molecule that is overexpressed by a wide variety of tumors.

We accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition since the lead asset, TTI-622, represented substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired, which exclude
cash acquired. At the acquisition date, we recorded a $2.1 billion charge representing an acquired IPR&D asset with no alternative future use in Acquired in-process research ano
development expenses, of which the $2.0 billion net cash consideration is presented as a cash outflow from operating activities. In connection with this acquisition, we recorded
$256 million of assets acquired primarily consisting of cash and investments. Liabilities assumed were approximately $81 million,

Pro forma information for the aforementioned acquisitions (except for Seagen) has not been presented because these acquisitions were not material to our consolidated financial
statements.

B. Divestitures

Divestiture of Early-Stage Rare Disease Gene Therapy Portfolio—On September 19, 2023, we completed an agreement with Alexion, under which Alexion purchased and license
the assets of our early-stage rare disease gene therapy portfolio. This agreement is consistent with our previously announced strategy to pivot from viral capsid-based gene thera
approaches to hamessing new platform technologies that we believe can have a transformative impact on patients, such as mRNA or in vivo gene editing. Under the terms of the
agreement, Alexion will pay us total consideration of up to $1 billion, consisting of an upfront payment of $300 million which was paid at closing and future contingent milestone
payments, plus tiered royalties based on annual net sales of the assets. In connection with the closing of the transaction, Pfizer recognized a $222 million pre-tax gain in Other
(income)/deductions—net (see Note 4).

Discontinued Operations

Meridian—On December 31, 2021, we completed the sale of our Meridian subsidiary for approximately $51 million in cash and recognized a loss of approximately $167 million, n
of tax, in Discontinued operations—net of tax. In connection with the sale, Pfizer and the purchaser of Meridian entered into various agreements to provide a framework for our
relationship after the sale, including interim TSAs and an MSA. Services under the TSAs are completed as of December 31, 2023. The MSA is for a term of three years post sale
with a two year extension period. Amounts recorded under the interim TSAs and MSA in 2023 and 2022 were not material to our operations. No amounts were recorded under the
arrangements in 2021.

Upjohn Separation and Combination with Mylan—tin connection with the 2020 spin-off and the combination of the Upjohn Business with Mylan to form Viatris, Pfizer and Viatris
entered into various agreements, including a separation and distribution agreement, interim operating models, including agency arrangements, MSAs, TSAs, a tax matters
agreement, and an employee matters agreement, among others. The interim agency operating model arrangements primarily include billings, collections and remittance of rebate
that we are performing on a transitional basis on behalf of Viatris. Under the MSAs, Pfizer or Viatris, as the case may be, manufactures, labels and packages products for the othe
party. The terms of the MSAs range in initial duration from four to seven years post-separation. Services under the TSAs were largely completed as of December 31, 2023, Amout
fecorded under the above agreements in 2023, 2022 and 2021 were not material to our operations. Net amounts due to Viatris under the above agreements were $33 milion as c
December 31, 2023 and $94 million as of December 31, 2022. The cash flows associated with the above agreements are included in Net cash provided by operating activities fro.
continuing operations, except for a $277 million payment to Viatris made in 2021 pursuant to terms of the separation agreement, which is reported in Other. financing activities, ne


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

Components of Discontinued operations—net of tax:

Year Ended December 3

(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 EG
Total revenues $ -|s — 2
Costs and expenses:

Cost of sales - = 2

Selling, informational and administrative expenses - 8 :

Research and development expenses - =

Acquired in-process research and development expenses - =

Amortization of intangible assets - - :

Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs ~ -

Other (income)/deductions—net (14); (20) ED
Pre-tax income/(loss) from discontinued operations, | 1 12 Co
Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income 26 13 (u

Income/(loss) from discontinued operations—net of tax [ (15)! @ i
Pre-tax gainl(loss) on sale of discontinued operations | 10 2
Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income 2 (

Gain/(loss) on sale of discontinued operations—net of tax I 7 a
Discontinued operations—net of tax ‘$ 6 $ (4:

() tn 2023 and 2022, Discontinued operations—net of tax relates to post-close adjustments. In 2021, Discontinued operations—net of tax primarily includes ian prior to its sale or
December 31, 2021 recognized in Incomel{loss) from discontinued operations—nel of tax, which includes a pre-tax expense to resolve an MDL relating to EpiPen against the Company in the U.S. Distr
Court for the District of Kansas for $345 milion; and (j) the after tax loss of $167 milion related to the sale of Meridian recognized in Gaini{loss) on sale of discontinued operations—net of tax. To a mur
lesser extent, Discontinued operations—net of tax in 2021 also includes the operations of the Mylan-Japan collaboration prior to its termination on December 21, 2020 and post-close adjustments direc
related to our former Upjohn and Nutrition discontinued businesses, including adjustments for tax, benefits and legal-related matters recognized in Income/{loss) from discontinued operations—net of tz

©. Equity-Method Investments

Haleon/Consumer Healthcare JV—On July 18, 2022, GSK completed a demerger of the Consumer Healthcare JV which became Haleon, an independent, publicly traded compat
listed on the London Stock Exchange that holds the joint historical consumer healthcare business of GSK and Pfizer following the demerger. We continue to own 32% of Haleon
of December 31, 2023.

The carrying value of our investment in Haleon as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 was $11.5 billion and $10.8 billion, respectively, and is reported in Equity-methc
investments. The fair value of our investment in Haleon as of December 31, 2023, based on quoted market prices of Haleon stock, was $12.1 billion. Haleon/the Consumer
Healthcare JV is a foreign investee whose reporting currency is the U.K. pound, and therefore we translate its financial statements into U.S. dollars and recognize the impact of
foreign currency translation adjustments in the carrying value of our investment and in other comprehensive income. The increase in the value of our investment from December !
2022 to December 31, 2023 is primarily due to our share of Haleon's earnings of $489 million as well as $280 million in pre-tax foreign currency translation adjustments (see Note
partially offset by $153 million in dividends. We record our share of earnings from Haleon/the Consumer Healthcare JV on a quarterly basis on a one-quarter lag in Other
(income)/deductions—net. Our total share of Haleon’s earnings generated in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first nine months of 2023, which we recorded in our operating rest
in 2023, was $489 million. Our total share of Haleon/the Consumer Healthcare JV’s earnings generated in the fourth quarter of 2021 and the first nine months of 2022, which we
recorded in our operating results in 2022, was $536 million. Our total share of the JV's earings generated in the fourth quarter of 2020 and the first nine months of 2021, which w
recorded in our operating results in 2021, was $495 million. As part of the initial accounting for our investment in the Consumer Healthcare JV in 2019, we determined that the
difference between the initial fair value of our investment less our undertying equity in the carrying value of the net assets of the JV resulted in an initial excess basis difference of
$4.8 billion. We allocated the difference primarily to inventory, definite-lived intangible assets, indefinite-lived intangible assets, related deferred tax liabilities, and equity-method

goodwill. We recognize amortization of these basis differences in Other (income)/deductions—net. Amortization of basis differences on inventory and related deferred tax liabilitie:
was completely recognized by the second quarter of 2020. Basis differences on definite-lived intangible assets and related deferred tax liabilities are being amortized over the live
of the underlying assets, which range from 8 to 20 years. In 2022, our equity-method income included in Other (income)/ deductions—net also included charges of $100 million,
primarily for adjustments to our equity-method basis differences related to the separation of Haleon/the Consumer Healthcare JV from GSK. The total amortization and adjustmen
basis differences resulting from the excess of the initial fair value of our investment over the underlying equity in the carrying value of the net assets of Haleon/the Consumer
Healthcare JV was not material to our results of operations in 2023 and 2021. See Note 4

2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

‘Summarized financial information for our equity-method investee, Haleon/the Consumer Healthcare JV, as of September 30, 2023, the most recent period available, and as of
September 30, 2022 and for the periods ending September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 is as follows:

(MILLIONS) ‘September 30, 2023 September 30, 202:
Current assets $ 5,876) $ 5,932
Noncurrent assets ! 36,954 35,204

Total assets $ 42,8301 44,137
Current liabilities ‘$ 6,117 | $ 5,235
Noneurrent liabilities l 15,744 47,220

Total tiabilties $ 21,862) § 22,455
Equity attributable to shareholders $ 20,719 $ 18,455
Equity attributable to noncontrolling interests 249 227

Total net equity $ 20,9681 $ 18,682

For the Twelve Months Ending

(wiuLions) ‘September 30, 2023 September 30, 2022 September 30, 202
Net sales $ 13,921| $ 13,566 $ 12,836
Cost of sales t (5,580) (6.081) (4,755
Gross profit $< 8,341] $ 8486S 8,081
Income from continuing operations 1,606 4,745 1,614
Net income 1,606 4,745 1,614
Income attributable to shareholders 4,528 1,675 1,547

In connection with GSK's previously announced planned demerger of at least 80% of GSK's 68% equity interest in the Consumer Healthcare JV, in March 2022 the Consumer
Healthcare JV completed its offering of a total aggregate principal amount of $8.75 billion in U.S. dollar-denominated senior notes of various maturities, €2.35 billion in euro-
denominated senior notes of various maturities and £700 million in U.K. pound-denominated senior notes of various maturities (collectively, the “notes”). The notes were guarante
by GSK generally up to and excluding the date of the demerger (the “Guarantee Assumption Date"). We agreed to indemnify GSK for 32% (representing our pro rata equity intere
in the Consumer Healthcare JV) of any amount payable by GSK pursuant to its guarantee of the notes. Our indemnity was provided solely for the benefit of GSK. Neither we nor i
of our subsidiaries were an issuer or guarantor of any of the notes.

Following its issuance of the notes in March 2022, which fell in our intemational second quarter of 2022, the Consumer Healthcare JV loaned to us and GSK the net proceeds
received from the notes on a pro rata equity ownership basis, for which we received a loan of £2.9 billion ($3.7 billion as of the end of our second quarter of 2022), at an interest r:
of 1.365% per annum payable semi-annually in arrears. In conjunction with the demerger, we received £3.5 billion ($4.2 billion) in dividends from the JV in July 2022, of which
$4.0 billion related to a one-time pre-separation dividend, which decreased the carrying value of our investment and are included in Net cash provided by/(used in) investing
activities. Simultaneous with the receipt of the dividends, we repaid the £2.9 billion loan from the JV. GSK similarly received pro rata dividends and simultaneously repaid its pro r:
loan from the JV. In conjunction with these transactions, our indemnification of GSK’s guarantee discussed above was terminated.

Investment in ViiV—In 2009, we and GSK created ViiV, which is focused on research, development and commercialization of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) medicines. We
own approximately 11.7% of VilV, and prior to 2016 we accounted for our investment under the equity method due to the significant influence that we have over the operations of *
through our board representation and minority veto rights. We suspended application of the equity method to our investment in ViiV in 2016 when the carrying value of our
investment was reduced to zero due to the recognition of cumulative equity-method losses and dividends, and therefore we no longer record our proportionate share of ViiV's net
income (loss) in our results of operations. Since 2016, we have recognized dividends from ViiV as income in Other (income)/deductions—net when earned, including dividends of
$265 million in 2023, $314 million in 2022 and $166 million in 2021 (see Note 4).

‘Summarized financial information for our equity-method investee, ViiV, as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and for the years ending December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 is as.

follows:

As of December 3
(MILLIONS) 2023 2
Current assets 4,237/ $
Noncurrent assets
Total assets
Current liabilities:
Noncurrent liabilities
Total liabilities $ 10,083 $

Total net equity/(deficit) attributable to shareholders 5 (2,838), $ (27:


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

Year Ended December 31,
(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 a
Net sales $ 7845 6955 $ 6.3:
Cost of sales (1,060) (819) (6
Gross profit $ 6785 § 6135 $ 56:
Income from continuing operations 3,090 3,108 2,0
Net income 3,090 3,108 2.0
Income attributable to shareholders 3,090 3,108 2.0

D. Licensing Arrangement

Agreement with Vaineva—In June 2022, we entered into an Equity Subscription Agreement, under which we invested €30.5 million ($95 million) in Vaineva to further support our

arrangement to co-develop and commercialize Lyme disease vaccine candidate, VLA15, which we originally entered into with Valneva in 2020. In addition, we updated the terms «
‘our existing co-development and commercialization agreement for VLA15. Valneva will now fund 40% of the remaining shared development costs, and we will pay Valneva tiered
royalties ranging from 14% to 22%, compared to royalties starting at 19% in the initial agreement. In addition, the royalties will be complemented by up to $100 million in milestone
payable to Valneva based on cumulative sales. Other early commercialization milestones are unchanged. As of December 31, 2023, we held a 6.9% equity stake of Vaineva.

E. Collaborative Arrangements

We enter into collaborative arrangements with respect to in-line medicines, as well as medicines in development that require completion of research and regulatory approval.
Collaborative arrangements are contractual agreements with third parties that involve a joint operating activity, typically a research and/or commercialization effort, where both we
and our partner are active participants in the activity and are exposed to the significant risks and rewards of the activity. Our rights and obligations under our collaborative
arrangements vary. For example, we have agreements to co-promote pharmaceutical products discovered by us or other companies, and we have agreements where we partner
co-develop andlor participate together in commercializing, marketing, promoting, manufacturing and/or distributing a drug product or vaccine.

Collaboration with Biohaven—In November 2021, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement and related sublicense agreement with Biohaven and certain of its
subsidiaries to commercialize rimegepant and zavegepant for the treatment and prevention of migraines outside of the U.S., subject to regulatory approval. Under the terms of the
agreement, Biohaven would lead R&D globally and we would have the exclusive right to commercialization globally, outside of the U.S. Upon the closing of the transaction on
January 4, 2022, we paid Biohaven $500 million, including an upfront payment of $150 million and an equity investment of $350 milion. We recognized $263 million for the upfron
payment and premium paid on our equity investment in Acquired in-process research and development expenses. In October 2022, we acquired all outstanding common shares
Biohaven not already owned by us for $148.50 per share, in cash, for payments of approximately $11.5 billion. See Note 2A. This acquisition represented a settlement of the pre-
existing relationship, and we determined that no gain or loss was required to be recognized.

Collaborations with BioNTech—On December 30, 2021, we entered into a research, development and commercialization agreement to develop a potential first mRNA-based
vaccine for the prevention of shingles (herpes zoster virus) based on BioNTech’s proprietary mRNA technology and our antigen technology. Under the terms of the agreement, we
agreed to pay BioNTech $225 million, including an upfront cash payment of $75 million and an equity investment of $150 million. BioNTech is eligible to receive future regulatory ¢
sales milestone payments of up to $200 milion. In return, BioNTech agreed to pay us $25 million for our proprietary antigen technology. The net upfront payment to BioNTech was
recorded to Acquired in-process research and development expenses in our fourth quarter of 2021. We and BioNTech share development costs. We will have commercialization
rights to the potential vaccine worldwide, excluding Germany, Turkey and certain developing countries where BioNTech will have commercialization rights. We and BioNTech will
share gross profits from commercialization of any product. As of December 31, 2023, we held an equity stake of 2.7% of BioNTech.

On April 9, 2020, we signed a global agreement with BioNTech to co-develop a mRNA-based coronavirus vaccine program aimed at preventing COVID-19 infection, which resulte
in the development of Comimaty. On January 29, 2021, we and BioNTech signed an amended version of the April 2020 agreement. Under the January 2021 agreement, BioNTec!
paid us their 50 percent share of prior development costs in a lump sum payment during the first quarter of 2021. Further R&D costs are being shared equally. We have
commercialization rights to the vaccine worldwide, excluding Germany and Turkey where BioNTech markets and distributes the vaccine under the agreement with us, and excludi
China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, which are subject to a separate collaboration between BioNTech and Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. We recognize
revenues and cost of sales on a gross basis in markets where we are commercializing the vaccine and we record our share of gross profits related to sales of the vaccine by
BioNTech in Germany and Turkey in Alliance revenues.

Collaboration with Beam—On December 24, 2021, we entered into a multi-year research collaboration with Beam to utilize Beam's in vivo base editing programs, which use mR
and lipid nanoparticles, for three targets for rare genetic diseases of the liver, muscle and central nervous system. Under the terms: of the agreement, Beam conducts all research
activities through development candidate selection for three undisclosed targets, which are not included in Beam’s existing programs, and we may opt in to obtain exclusive licens
to each development candidate. Beam has a right to opt in, at the end of phase 1/2 studies, upon the payment by Beam of an option exercise fee, to a global co-development and
co-commercialization agreement with respect to one program licensed under the collaboration pursuant to which we and Beam would share net profits as well as development an
commercialization costs in a 65%/35% ratio (Pfizer/Beam). Upon entering into the agreement, we recorded $300 million in Acquired in-process research and development expens
in the fourth quarter of 2021 for an upfront payment due to Beam, and if we exercise our opt in to licenses for all three targets, Beam will be eligible for up to an additional $1.05
billion in development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments for a potential total deal consideration of up to $1.35 billion. Beam is also eligible to receive royalties on gle
net sales for each licensed program.

2023 Form 10K

Pfizer Inc.


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

Collaboration with Arvinas—On July 21, 2021, we entered into a global collaboration with Arvinas to develop and commercialize ARV-471, an investigational oral PROTAC®
(PROteolysis TArgeting Chimera) estrogen receptor protein degrader. The estrogen receptor is a well-known disease driver in most breast cancers. In connection with the
agreement, we made an upfront cash payment of $650 million to Arvinas and we made a $350 milion equity investment in the common stock of Arvinas. We recognized $706 mill
for the upfront payment and a premium paid on our equity investment in Acquired in-process research and development expenses in our third quarter of 2021. Arvinas is also eligi
to receive up to $400 million in approval milestones and up to $1 billion in commercial milestones. The companies equally share worldwide development costs, commercialization
expenses and profits. As of December 31, 2023, we held a 5.1% equity stake of Arvinas.

‘Summarized Financial Information for Collaborative Arrangements

The following provides the amounts and classification of payments (income/(expense)) between us and our collaboration partners:
Year Ended December 31,

(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 2
Product revenues { 212. $ 437 $ 5:
Alliance revenues® ! 7,582 8,537 7.6:
Total revenues from collaborative arrangements is 7,795 $ 8974 § 82.
Cost of sales ‘ss (4,277) $ = (15,589) $ (16,1
Selling, informational and administrative expenses \ (267) (196) a
Research and development expenses 219 272 3
Acquired in-process research and development expenses (13) (339) (1,08
Other income/{deductions)—net® 630 664 8

©) Represents sales to our partners of products manufactured by us.

©) Substantially all relates to amounts eamed from our partners under co-promotion agreements. The decrease in 2023 was primarily driven by a deciine in Alliance revenues from Comimaty, partially offs
by an increase in Alliance revenues from Eliquis. The increase in 2022 was primarily driven by increases in Alliance revenues from Eliquis, Comimaly and Bavencio.

(©) Primarily relates to amounts paid to collaboration partners for their share of net sales or profits earned in collaboration arrangements where we are the principal in the transaction, and cost of sales for
inventory purchased from our partners. The decreases in 2023 and in 2022 primarily relate to Comirnaty.

‘@ Represents net reimbursements to our partners for selling, informational and administrative expenses incurred.

(©) Represents net reimbursements from our partners for research and development expenses incurred.

(© Primarily relates to upfront payments to our partners as well as premiums paid on our equity investments in the common stock of our partners.

) Primarily relates to royalties from our collaboration partners.

‘The amounts outlined in the above table do not include transactions with third parties other than our collaboration partners, or other costs for the products under the collaborative
arrangements.

Research and Development Arrangement
Research and Development Funding Arrangement with Blackstone—in April 2023, we entered into an arrangement with Blackstone under which we will receive up to a total of $=
nillion in 2023 through 2026 to co-fund our quarterly development costs for specified treatments. As there is substantive transfer of risk to the financial partner, the development
funding is recognized by us as an obligation to perform contractual services. We are recognizing the funding as a reduction of Research and development expenses using an
attribution model over the period of the related expenses. The reduction to Research and development expenses in 2023 was $175 million. if successful, upon regulatory approva
the U.S. or certain major markets in the EU for the indications based on the applicable clinical trials, Blackstone will be eligible to receive approval-based fixed milestone payment
of up to $468 million contingent upon the successful results of the clinical trials. Fixed milestone payments due upon approval will be recorded as intangible assets and amortized
Amortization of intangible assets over the shorter of the term of the agreement or estimated commercial life of the product. Following potential regulatory approval, Blackstone will
eligible to receive a combination of fixed milestone payments of up to $550 million in total based on achievement of certain levels of cumulative applicable net sales, as well as
royalties based on a mid-to-high single digit percentage of the applicable net sales. Fixed sales-based milestone payments will be recorded as intangible assets and amortized to
Amortization of intangible assets over the shorter of the term of the agreement or estimated commercial life of the product, and royalties on net sales will be recorded as Cost of
sales when incurred,

Note 3. Restructuring Charges and Other Costs Associated with Acquisitions and Cost-Reduction/Productivity Initiatives

A. Restructuring Programs

Transforming to a More Focused Company Program—In 2019, we announced that we would be incurring costs associated with our Transforming to a More Focused Company
Program, a multi-year effort to ensure our cost base aligned appropriately with our operating structure following Pfizer's transformation into a more focused, innovative science-
based global biopharmaceutical business. This program included activities to (i) restructure our corporate enabling functions to appropriately support our operating structure; (ii)
transform our commercial go-to-market model; and (i) optimize our manufacturing network and R&D operations. The costs to restructure our corporate enabling functions, and to
optimize our R&D operations and reduce cycle times, as well as to further prioritize our internal R&D portfolio, primarily included severance and implementation costs. The costs t

optimize our manufacturing network largely included severance, implementation costs, product transfer costs, site exit costs, and accelerated depreciation. From the start of this
program in the fourth quarter of 2019 through December 31, 2023, we incurred costs of $4.0 billion, of which $1.5 billion ($1.0 billion of restructuring charges) was associated with
‘our Biopharma segment and have substantially completed this program.

Prizer inc) ”2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

Realigning our Cost Base Program—tn the fourth quarter of 2023, we announced that we launched a multi-year, enterprise-wide cost realignment program that aims to realign ou
costs with our longer-term revenue expectations. We expect costs associated with this multi-year effort to continue through 2024 and to total approximately $3.0 billion, primarily
representing cash expenditures for severance and implementation costs, of which $1.1 billion is associated with our Biopharma segment.

In 2023, we incurred costs under this program of $1.7 billion, of which $674 million (including $665 million of restructuring charges) is associated with our Biopharma segment.

B. Key Activities

The following summarizes costs and credits for acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives

Year Ended December 31,

(WiLONs) 2023 2022 a
Restructuring charges/(credits)
Employee terminations is 1,622] $ 176 $ 6
Asset impairments | 227 82
Exit costs/(credits) 119 54
Restructuring charges/(credits)!) | 1,968 | 882 7
Transaction costs \ 190 | 144
Integration costs and other’? | 785 348
Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs I 2,943 | 1,375 8
Net periodic benefit costs/(credits) recorded in Other (income)/deductions—net [ m @ i
Additional depreciation—asset restructuring recorded in our consolidated statements of income as follows
Cost of sales | eT) 34
Selling, informational and administrative expenses H 1 2
Total additional depreciation—asset restructuring i 32 36
Implementation costs recorded in our consolidated statements of income as follows":
Cost of sales 67
Selling, informational and administrative expenses 289 560 4
Research and development expenses 401 2
Total implementation costs I 4574 616 4
Total costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives ig 3.4261 $ 2018 $ 12

(©) Primarily represents cost-reduction initiatives. Amounts associated with our Biopharma segment: $672 milion for 2023 (including charges of $665 million for Realigning our Cost Base Program and crec
‘of $20 million for Transforming to a More Focused Company program), $354 milion for 2022 (including charges of $291 milion for Transforming to a More Focused Company program) and $610 milior
2021 (including charges of $612 million for Transforming to a More Focused Company program).

© Represents external costs for banking, tegal, accounting and other similar services.

(@ Represents external, incremental costs directly related to integrating acquired businesses, such as expenditures for consulting and the integration of systems and processes, and certain other qualifyin:
costs. 2023 costs mostly relate to our acquisition of Seagen, including $476 milion that was recognized as a post-closing compensation expense for payments to Seagen employees in the fourth quartt
2023 for the fair value of long-term incentive awards that vested upon closing and the expense for employee incentive awards issued in contemplation of the merger. 2022 costs mostly related to our
acquisitions of Arena and GBT, including $138 million in payments to Arena employees in the first quarter of 2022 and $136 milion in payments to GBT employees in the fourth quarter of 2022 for the fc
value of previously unvested long-term incentive awards that was recognized as post-closing compensation expense. See Note 2A, 2021 costs primarily related to our acquisition of Trilium.

( Represents the impact of changes in the estimated useful lives of assets involved in restructuring actions.

(©) Represents external, incremental costs directly related to implementing our non-acquisition-related cost-reduction/productvity initiatives.

The following summarizes the components and changes in restructuring accruals:

Employee ‘Asset

Termination Impairment
(MILLIONS) Costs Charges Exit Costs Acer
Balance, January 1, 2022 $ 1014 § — $ 7S
Provision 776 52 54
Utilization and other) (594) (52) (103) ia
Balance, December 31, 2022 1,196 = 8 4.2
Provision 7,622 227 719 1,91
Utilization and other (840) (227) (116) (it
Balance, December 31, 2023 5 1,978 $ = 3$ 1 $ 1,34

‘®) Other activity includes adjustments for foreign currency translation that are not material to our consolidated financial statements.
©) Included in Other current liabilities ($991 milion) and Other noncurrent liabilities ($213 milion).
(© Included in Other current liabilities ($1.3 billion) and Other noncurrent liabilities ($663 million).

2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer inc. and Subsidiary Companies

Note 4. Other (Income)/Deductions—Net
Components of Other (income)/deductions—net include:

Year Ended December 31,

(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 202
Interest income s (1,624)) $ (251) $ (Gt
Interest expense'™ t 2,209 | 1.238 1,29"

Net interest expense 585 987 1,251
Royalty-related income (1,058), (845) (6s,
Net (gains)losses recognized during the period on equity securities? (1,590) 1,273 (1,34
Income from collaborations, out-licensing arrangements and sales of compound/product rights“ (154) (188) (39
Net periodic benefit costs/(credits) other than service costs (610) (849) (2,54;
Certain legal matters, net 474 230 18;
Certain asset impairments” 3,024 42 a
Haleon/Consumer Healthcare JV equity method (incomey/ioss (505) (436) (4a7"
Other, net™ a 002)! (378) (78
Other (income)/deductions—net (835) $ 217_$ (4,876

© Capitalized interest totaled $160 milion in 2023, $124 million in 2022 and $108 milion in 2021.

© The decrease in nel interest expense in 2023 reflects higher interest expense driven by our $31 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes issued in May 2023 as part of the financing
‘our acquisition of Seagen, which was more than offset by higher interest income on the investment of the net proceeds from the debt issuance.

© 2023 net gains primarily include, among other things, a realized gain of $1.7 billion related to our investment in Telavant Holdings, Inc. and unrealized gains of $297 million related to our investment in
Cerevel Therapeutics Holdings, Inc (Cerevel), partially offset by unrealized losses of $292 million related to our investment in BioNTech, 2022 net losses included, among other things, unrealized lose:
$986 milion related to investments in BioNTech, Allogene Therapeutics, Inc. and Arvinas. 2021 net gains included, among other things, unrealized gains of $1.6 billion related to investments in BioNTec
and Cerevel,

( 2021 included, among other things, $188 milion of net collaboration income from BioNTech related to Comialy.

(©) 2023 primarily includes certain product liability and other legal expenses related to products discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer and legal obligations related to pre-acquisition matters. 2022 primar:
included certain product liability and other legal expenses related to products discontinued andior divested by Pfizer. 2021 primarily included certain product liability expenses related to products
discontinued and/or divested by Pfizer, and to a lesser extent, legal obligations related to pre-acquisition matters.

© 2023 primarly represents intangible asset impairment charges of $3.0 billion, of which $2.9 bilion is associated with our Biopharma segment ($2.8 billion recorded in the fourth quarter), including: $1.4
billion for etrasimod (Velsipity) IPR&D, based on a change in development plans for additional indications and overall revenue expectations, $964 million for Prevnar 13 developed technology rights ($8
million for pediatric and $130 million for aduit), due to updated commercial forecasts mainly reflecting a transition to higher serotype coverage, and $486 milion for various other IPR&D assets and
developed technology rights, due to updated commercial forecasts mainly reflecting competitive pressures andlor prioritization decisions. 2023 also includes $128 milion associated with Other busines:
activities, related to IPR&D and developed technology rights for acquired software assets and reflects unfavorable pivotal trial results and updated commercial forecasts. 2022 represented intangible as
impairment charges associated with our Biopharma segment of: $200 million for an IPR&D asset for the unapproved indication of symptomatic ditated cardiomyopathy due to a mutation of the gene
‘encoding the lamin A/C protein that resulted from the Phase 3 trial reaching futility at a pre-planned interim analysis and $171 milion for developed technology rights due to updated commercial forecat
‘mainly reflecting compelitive pressures. 2022 also included intangible asset impairment charges of $50 milion associated with PC1, related to finite-ived licensing agreements and reflected updated
contract manufacturing forecasts reflecting changes to market dynamics.

© See Note 26.

© 2023 includes, among other things, () dividend income of $265 million from our investment in Viiv and $211 million from our investment in Nimbus resulting from Takeda’s acquisition of Nimbus's oral,
‘selective allosteric tyrosine kinase 2 (TYK2) inhibitor program subsidiary and (i) a $222 milion gain on the divestiture of our early-stage rare disease gene therapy portfolio to Alexion. 2022 included,
‘among other things, (i) dividend income of $314 milion from our investment in Vil, ()) income net of costs associated with TSAS of $142 milion and (i) charges of $77 million, reflecting the change in |
fair value of contingent consideration. 2021 included, among other things, (i) income net of costs associated with TSAs of $288 milion, (i) dividend income of $166 million from our investment in Vi ar
(ii) charges of $142 milion, reflecting the change in the fair value of contingent consideration.

Additional information about the intangible assets that were impaired during 2023 follows:

Year End

Fair Value) ;cember 31, 20

(MILLIONS) Amount Level 4 Level 2 Level 3 Impairm:
Intangible asseis—IPR&D™ s 3,860 $ —"$ = "$s 3,860 $ 47
Intangible assets—Developed technology rights” 1,942 - _ 1,942 4,1t
Intangible assets—Licensing agreements and other) — _ = _ us
Total i 5,802 $ — $ — $ 5,802 $ 3,00

(®) The fair value amounts are presented as of the date of impairment, as these assets are nol measured at fair value on a recurring basis. See also Note 16,

© Reflects intangible assets written down to fair value in 2023. Fair value was determined using the income approach, specially the multrperiod excess earnings method, also known as the discounted
cash flow method. We started with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows for the asset and then applied an assel-specifc discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. Some of the more
significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the amaunt and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of competitive, legal and/or regulator
forces on the product; the discount rato, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic diversity ofthe projecte
cash flows.

Pfizer inc.)

2023 Form 10-K 173


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

Note 5. Tax Matters

‘A. Taxes on Income from Continuing Qperations

Components of Income from continuing operations before provision/(benefit) for taxes on income include:

Year Ended December 31,

(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 a
United States $ (4,411) $ 5,032 $ 6,0:
International | 5,469 | 29,697 18.2.

Income from continuing operations before provisionbenefit) for taxes on income’) $ 71,0581 $ 34,729 § 24,3

© 2023 v. 2022—The domestic loss in 2023 versus domestic income in 2022 and the decrease in international income in 2023 was primarily attributable to lower revenues, higher intangible asset
impairment charges, and increases in Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs, Amortization of intangible assets, and Selling, informational and administrative expenses, partially offs
by a decrease in Cost of sales and net gains on equity securities in 2023 versus net losses on equity securities in 2022,

©) 2022 v. 2021—The decrease in domestic income is primarly related to net losses on equity securities in 2022 versus net gains on equity securities in 2021, lower net periodic benefit credits and higher
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs, partially offset by Paxlovid income and lower acquired |PR&D expenses. The increase in international income is primarily related to Paxlovid
Comirnaty income partially offset by lower net periodic benefit credits.

Components of Provision/(benefil) for taxes on income based on the location of the taxing authorities include:

‘Year Ended December 31
(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 2
cae |
Current income taxes:
Federal $ 4,321} $ 2744 § 33
State and local (135) (20)
Deferred income taxes:
Federal (2,606) (3.271) (3.8!
‘State and local (184), (310) (4
Total U.S. tax provision/(benefit) 1 (1,605)| 857, (a
i nal
Current income taxes | se 4,368 27
Deferred income taxes (652) (183) A
Total international tax provision/(benefit) I 4904 4,185

(1,115)|_$ 3,328 $

Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income

‘The changes in Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income impacting the effective tax rate year-over-year are summarized below:

2023 v. 2022

The tax benefit of $1.1 billion for 2023 compared to the tax provision of $3.3 billion for 2022 was primarily a result of changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings and the resolutio:
uncertain tax positions in various markets. The 2023 pre-tax income included a greater percentage of expenses taxed at higher rates as compared to the 2022 pre-tax income,
resulting in a 2023 tax benefit compared to the 2022 tax provision. These expenses included amortization expense, acquisition-related costs, restructuring charges and intangible
asset impairment charges. The tax benefit for 2023 and the tax provision for 2022 included tax benefits related to global income tax resolutions in multiple tax jurisdictions spannir
multiple tax years. The tax provision for 2022 also included the closing of U.S. IRS audits covering five tax years.

2022 v, 2021
The higher effective tax rate in 2022 was mainly the result of:

+ the non-recurrence of certain initiatives executed in 2021 associated with our investment in the Consumer Healthcare JV with GSK based on estimates and assumptions that
believe to be reasonable,

partially offset by:

+ tax benefits in 2022 related to global income tax resolutions in multiple tax jurisdictions spanning multiple tax years that included the closing of U.S. IRS audits covering five tax
years.

In all years, federal, state and international net tax liabilities assumed or established as part of a business acquisition are not included in Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income (s
Note 2A).

We elected, with the filing of our 2018 U.S. Federal Consolidated Income Tax Retum, to pay our initial estimated $15 billion repatriation tax liability on accumulated post-1986 fore
earnings over eight years through 2026. The fifth annual installment of this liability was paid by its April 18, 2023 due date. The sixth annual installment is due April 15, 2024 and it
reported in current Income taxes payable as of December 31, 2023. The remaining liability is reported in noncurrent Other taxes payable. Our obligations may vary as a result of
changes in our uncertain tax positions and/or availability of attributes such as foreign tax and other credit carryforwards.

2023 Form 10-K

Pfizer Inc.


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

The reconciliation of the U.S. statutory income tax rate to our effective tax rate for Income from continuing operations follows:

___Year Ended December 31,
2023 2022 a
USS, statutory income tax rate 21.0% 21.0% 21.0
Taxation of non-U.S. operations) (21.4) (5.0) (4.3
Tax settlements and resolution of certain tax positions (40.3) (3.0) (0.4
Foreign-Derived Intangible Income deduction") (33.1) (1.9) (06
State & local taxes . (22.4) - (0s
Charitable contributions (7.3) (0.5) (06
Certain Consumer Healthcare JV initiatives - - (6.0
U.S. R&D tax credit (0.6) (05
Interest” 02 04
All other, net’® (0.8) (07
Effective tax rate for income from continuing operations i (105.4)%! 96 % 7é

* The higher rate percentages for the 2023 reconciling items are significantly impacted by the lower domestic and international Income from continuing operations before provision/(beneft) for taxes on
income (see Note 5A).

©) For taxation of non-U.S. operations, this rate impact reflects the income tax rates and relative earnings in the locations where we do business outside the U.S., together with the U.S. tax cost on our
international operations, changes in uncertain tax positions not included in the reconciling item called “Tax settlements and resolution of certain tax positions,” as well as changes in valuation
allowances. Specifically: i) the jurisdictional location of earnings is a significant component of our effective tax rate each year, and the rate impact of this component is influenced by the specific locatior
of non-U.S. eamings and the level of such earnings as compared to our total eamings; i) the U.S. tax implications of our foreign operations is a significant component of aur effective tax rate each yea
‘and generally offsets some of the reduction to our effective tax rate each year resulting from the jurisdictional location of earnings; (il) the impact of certain tax initiatives; and (iv) the impact of changes
in uncertain tax positions not included in the reconciling item called “Tax settlements and resolution of certain tax positions” is a component of our effective tax rate each year that can result in either an
increase or decrease to our effective tax rate. The jurisdictional mix of eamings, which includes the impact of the location of earnings as well as the U.S. tax cost on our international operations, can
vary as a result of operating fluctuations in the normal course of business and as a result of the extent and location of other income and expense items, such as restructuring charges. asset impairment
and gains and losses on strategic business decisions. See also Note 54 for the components of pre-tax income and Provision/(benefit or taxes on income, which is based on the location of the taxing
authorities, and for information about settlements and other items impacting Provisior/(benefit) for taxes on income.

©) inall years, the reduction in our effective tax rate is a result ofthe jurisdictional location of earings and is largely due to lower tax rates in certain jurisdictions, as well as manufacturing and other
incentives for our subsidiaries in Singapore and, to a lesser extent, in Puerto Rico. We benefit from Puerto Rican lax incentives pursuant (o a grant that expires during 2053. Under such grant, we are

, Pattaly exempt from income, property and municipal exes. In Singapore, we benef from incentive tax rates effective tough 2048 on income from manuteturing and olher operations

© See Note 5A.

( The higher rate benefit from the Foreign-Derived Intangible Income deduction in 2022 is mainly the result of the TCJA requirement to capitalize R&D costs for tax years beginning after December 31,
2021

(©) Includes the impact of U.S. stato and local taxes and changes in the state valuation allowances including those related to the acquisition of Seagen.

© Includes changes in interest related to our uncertain tax positions not included in the reconciling item called "Tax settlements and resolution of certain tax positions”.

(all other, net is primarily due to routine business operations.

Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

&. Deferred Taxes
Components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, shown before jurisdictional netting, follow:
2023 Deferred Tax* 2022 Deferred Tax"
(MILLIONS) Assets . Liabilities) Assets (Liabilities)
Prepaid/deferred items™ $ 2,658 $ (654) $ 1.673. $ cs
Accruedideferred royalties 1,655 - 2,427
Deferred revenues” an - 95 :
Inventories 1,210 (1,060); 672 (a
Intangible assets 1,526 (11,608), 1,445 (6.2
Property, plant and equipment 168 (2,038); 112 (1.8
Employee benefits 1,085 (287) 1,314 @
Restructurings and other charges 537 - 302
Legal and product liability reserves 430 - 385
Research and development" 6,275 - 4,137
Net operating loss/tax credit carryforwards(®)™ | 2,708 = 2.224 :
Unremitted earnings - (60) > ¢
State and local tax adjustments 119 - 151
Investments” 133 (395), 1 (a0
All other 62 (72); 78 (
| 19,037 (16,172)) 14,806 o5°

Valuation allowances i (1,738) = (1.541)
Total deferred taxes 3 17,299 $ (16,172)' $ 13,265 $ (oy

Net deferred tax asset/(liability)®-™ $s 1,428 is 3,746

* The deferred tax assets and liabilities associated with global intangible tow-taxed income are included in the relevant categories. See Note 10.

() The increase in net deferred tax assets in 2023 is primarily related to temporary differences associated with the timing of cash tax payments made and accruals recorded in the ordinary course of
business.

©) The increase in deferred tax assets in 2023 is primarily related to temporary differences associated with the non-cash revenue reversal for Paxtovid recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023. See Note
170.

(©) The decrease in net deferred tax assets in 2023 is primarily due to the acquisition of inventories related to Seagen, partially offset by the temporary differences associated with the non-cash charges for
inventory write-offs for Paxlovid and Comisnaty.

(© The increase in net deferred tax liabilities in 2023 is primarily due to the acquisition of intangible assets related to Seagen, partially offset by the amortization of intangible assets and certain impairment
charges.

(©) The decrease in net deferred tax assets in 2023 is primarily due to changes in pension and postretirement benefit obligations, as well as the performance of plan assets reported in the period. See Note

u

© The increase in deferred tax assets in 2023 is primarily related to the acquisition of capitalized R&D costs related to Seagen and the TCJA requirement to capitalize R&D costs for tax years beginning
after December 31, 2021.

‘The increase in deferred tax assets in 2023 is primarily due to the acquisition of net operating loss carryforwards and credit carryforwards related to Seagen. See Note 2A,

) The amounts in 2023 and 2022 are reduced for unrecognized tax benefits of $1.3 billion and $1.2 bilion, respectively, where we have net operating loss carryforwards, similar tax losses, and/or tax
credit carryforwards that are available, under the tax law of the applicable juri to settle any additional income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a tax position.

© The increase in net deferred tax liabilities in 2023 is primarily due to the impact of foreign currency transiation adjustments related to our equity-method investment in Haleon/the Consumer Healthcare
JV. See Note 26.

® in 2023, Noncurrent deferred tax assots and other noncurrent tax assets ($1.8 bilion), and Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities ($0.6 bilion). In 2022, Noncurrent deferred tax assots and other noncurrent
tax assets ($4.8 billion), and Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities ($1.0 billion).

©) Excludes indefinite- and defiite-ived deferred tax assets for certain non-U.S. tax losses and interest carryforwards and U.S. state general business credits, totaling $11.1 billon, given that managemer
has determined based on applicable accounting rules that its remote that these tax attributes willbe utilized.

We have carryforwards, primarily related to net operating and capital losses, general business credits, foreign tax credits and charitable contributions, which are available to reduc
future U.S. federal and/or state, as well as international, income taxes payable with either an indefinite life or expiring at various times from 2024 to 2043. Certain of our U.S. net
operating losses and general business credits are subject to limitations under IRC Section 382.

As of December 31, 2023, we have not made a U.S. tax provision on $49.0 billion of unremitted earnings of our international subsidiaries. As these earnings are intended to be
indefinitely reinvested overseas, the determination of a hypothetical unrecognized deferred tax liability as of December 31, 2023 is not practicable. The amount of indefinitely
reinvested earnings is based on estimates and assumptions and subject to management evaluation, and is subject to change in the normal course of business based on operatio:
cash flow, completion of local statutory financial statements and the finalization of tax returns and audits, among other things. Accordingly, we regularly update our earnings and
profits analysis for such events.

2D. Tax Contingencies
For a description of our accounting policies associated with accounting for income tax contingencies, see Note 1Q.

2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

Uncertain Tax Positions

{As tax law is complex and often subject to varied interpretations, it is uncertain whether some of our tax positions will be sustained upon audit. As of December 31, 2023, we had

$3.1 billion and as of December 31, 2022, we had $2.9 billion in net unrecognized tax benefits, excluding associated interest.

+ Tax assets for uncertain tax positions primarily represent our estimate of the potential tax benefits in one tax jurisdiction that could result from the payment of income taxes in
another tax jurisdiction, These potential benefits generally result from cooperative efforts among taxing authorities, as required by tax treaties to minimize double taxation,
commonly referred to as the competent authority process. The recoverability of these assets, which we believe to be more likely than not, is dependent upon the actual paymer
of taxes in one tax jurisdiction and, in some cases, the successful petition for recovery in another tax jurisdiction. As of December 31, 2023, we had $1.7 billion in assets
associated with uncertain tax positions. These amounts were included in Noncurrent deferred tax assets and other noncurrent tax assets ($1.6 billion) and Other taxes payable
($45 million). As of December 31, 2022, we had $1.5 billion in assets associated wilh uncertain tax positions. These amounts were included in Noncurrent deferred tax assets é
other noncurrent tax assets ($1.5 billion) and Other taxes payable ($45 million).

+ Substantially all of these unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would impact our effective income tax rate.

The reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of gross unrecognized tax benefits follows:

(MILLIONS) 72023 2022 2021
Balance, beginning s (4,494) (6.068) (6.595)
Acquisitions (46) (62) -
Increases based on tax positions taken during a prior period (158); (67) amy
Decreases based on tax positions taken during a prior period’*+® 310 1,339 103
Decreases based on settlements for a prior period © 85 842 24
Increases based on tax positions taken during the current period (515), (701) (850)
Impact of foreign exchange (44) 90 2
Other, nets se! 122 40
Balance, ending" s (4,802)_$ (aoa) $ (6.068)

(©) Primarily included in Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income,

©) Primarily related to effectively settling certain issues with the U.S. and foreign tax authorities. See Note 5A.

(© Primarily related to cash payments and reductions of tax attributes.

(9 Primarily related to decreases as a result of a lapse of applicable statutes of limitations.

(©) In 2023, included in income taxes payable ($94 million), Other current assets ($1 milion), Noncurrent deferred tax assets and other noncurrent tax assets ($1.3 billion). Noncurrent deferred tax abit
($4 milion) and Other taxes payable (83.4 bilion). In 2022, included in income taxes payable ($40 milion), Other current assets ($3 million), Noncurrent deferred tax assets and other noncurrent tax
assets ($1.2 billion), Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities ($5 milion) and Other taxes payable ($3.2 billion).

+ Interest related to our unrecognized tax benefits is recorded in accordance with the laws of each jurisdiction and is recorded primarily in Provision/(benefit) for taxes on income.
2023, we recorded a net increase in interest of $64 million. In 2022, we recorded a net decrease in interest of $17 million. In 2021, we recorded a net increase in interest of $1C
million. Gross accrued interest totaled $605 million as of December 31, 2023 (reflecting a decrease of $11 million as a result of cash payments) and gross accrued interest total
$552 million as of December 31, 2022 (reflecting a decrease of $31 million as a result of cash payments). In 2023 and 2022, these amounts were substantially all included in
Other taxes payable. Accrued penalties are not significant. See also Note 5A.

‘Status of Tax Matters and Potential Impact on Accruals for Uncertain Tax Positions

The U.S. is one of our major tax jurisdictions, and we are regularly audited by the IRS. With respect to Pfizer, tax years 2016-2018 are under audit. Tax years 2019-2023 are open .
but not under audit. Ail other tax years are closed. In addition to the open audit years in the U.S., we have open audit years and certain related audits, appeals and investigations
certain major international tax jurisdictions such as Canada (2017-2023), Europe (2012-2023, primarily in Ireland, the U.K., France, ttaly, Spain and Germany), Asia Pacific (2013-
2023, primarily in Australia, China, Japan and Singapore) and Latin America (1998-2023, primarily in Brazil).

Any settlements or statutes of limitations expirations could result in a significant decrease in our uncertain tax positions. We estimate that it is reasonably possible that within the r
12 months, our gross unrecognized tax benefits, exclusive of interest, could decrease by as much as $100 million, as a result of settlements with taxing authorities or the expiratio
of the statutes of limitations. Our assessments are based on estimates and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by management, but our estimates of unrecognized *

benefits and potential tax benefits may not be representative of actual outcomes, and variation from such estimates could materially affect our financial statements in the period o|
settlement or when the statutes of limitations expire, as we treat these events as discrete items in the period of resolution. Finalizing audits with the relevant taxing authorities can
is difficult to estimate the timing and range of possible changes related to our uncertain tax positions, and

include formal administrative and legal proceedings, and, as a result,
such changes could be significant.


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

E. Tax Provision/(Benefit) on Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)

Components of the Tax provision/(benefit) on other comprehensive income/{loss) include:

Year Ended December 31,
(MILUONS) 2023, 2022 2
Foreign currency translation adjustments, net” $ (33) $ 126) $
Unrealized holding gains/(losses) on derivative financial instruments, net | 11 183
Reclassification adjustments for (gains)/losses included in net income (93) (270) :
i 181 (87) 1
Unrealized holding gains/(losses) on available-for-sale securities, net | (15) (164) ¢
Reclassification adjustments for (gains)losses included in net income (18) 226
L (33)/ 62
Benefit plans: prior service (costs)/credits and other, net | (5) (5)
Reclassification adjustments related to amortization of prior service costs and other, net (28) (29)
Reclassification adjustments related to curtailments of prior service costs and other, net (4)! ___ 3) ¢
il (37)) (37) ¢
Tax provision/(benefit) on other comprehensive income/{loss) s (85)| $ (187) $

©) Taxes are not provided for foreign currency translation adjustments retating to investments in intemational subsidiaries that are expected to be held indefinitely.

Note 6. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Excluding Noncontrolling Interests

The following summarizes the changes, net of tax, in Accumulated other comprehensive loss:

Net Unrealized Gains/(Losses) Benefit Plans

Foreign Currency Prior Service Accumulated Othe

Translation Derivative Financial Available-For-Sale (Costs)Credits and ‘Comprehensiv

(MILLIONS) Adjustments Instruments Securities Other Income/(Los:

Balance, January 1, 2021 $s (6.450) $ (428) 116 452 $ 6.31
Other comprehensive income/(loss)® (722) 547 (336) 75)
Balance, December 31, 2021 (6.172) 119 (220) a7
Other comprehensive income/(loss)" (2,188) (531) 440 (129)
Balance, December 31, 2022 (8,360) (472) 220 248
Other comprehensive income/(loss)” if 497 195 (229) (120)

Balance, December 31, 2023 $s (7,863) § (217) $ @ § 128 $

(©) Amounts do not include foreign currency translation adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interests,
© Foreign currency translation adjustments include net losses in 2023, 2022 and 2021 related to the impact of our net investment hedging program and our equity-method investment in Haleonithe

Consumer Healthcare JV (see Note 20).

Pfizer ine) ”"2023'Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc, and Subsidiary Companies

Note 7. Financial Instruments
A. Fair Value Measurements

Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis and Fair Value Hierarchy, using a Market Approach:

As of December 31, 2023 As of December 31, 2022
(MILLIONS) Total Level 1 Level 2 Total Level 1 Level 2

Financial assets:

Short-term investments

Equity securities with readily determinable fair values

Money market funds s 5,124 $ -— $ 5,124] $ 1,588 “$ -— $ 15

Available-for-sale debt securities:

Government and agency—non-U.S. 817 - at7 15,915, - 159

Government and agency—U.S. 2,601 - 2,601 1,313 -

Corporate and other 982 = 982 1,514 =

i 4,400 4001
Total short-term investments 1 9,524 9,524] 20,331 20,3
Other current assets .
Derivative assets: |

Foreign exchange contracts 298 = 298 714 = z
Total other current assets 298 = 298 | 714 = 7
Long-term investments
Equity securities with readily determinable fair values) | 2,779 2,772 7 2,836 2,823
Available-for-sale debt securities:

Government and agency—non-U.S. 124 - 124 280 - 2

Corporate and other 26 - 26 72 =

I 150 = 150| 352 = 3
Total long-term investments I 2,929 2,772 156 3,188 2,823 3
Other noncurrent assets
Derivative assets:

Interest rate contracts | 144 - 144 _ -

Foreign exchange contracts 258 = 258 364 = 3
Total derivative assets 402 = 402 364 = 3
Insurance contracts" 790 = 790 665 = 6
Total other noncurrent assets L 1,191 = 4,194] 1,028 = 1.0
Total assets $13,943 $ 2772 $ 11,1701 $25,261 2,823 $224
Financial liabi
Other current liabi
Derivative liabilities:

Interest rate contracts s 16 $ - $ 16) $ 10 $ - $

Foreign exchange contracts L 404 = 404 694 = 6
Total other current liabilities I 420 = 420{ 704 = 7
Other noncurrent liabilities
Derivative liabilities:

Interest rate contracts 275 - 275 321 - 3

Foreign exchange contracts 725 = 725 864 =
Total other noncurrent liabilities L 1,000 - 1,000 | 1,185,

Total liabilities is 1,420 = 3 1.4201 $ 1,889

©) Long-term equity securities of $130 million as of December 31, 2023 and $143 million as of December 31, 2022 were held in restricted trusts for U.S. non-qualified employes benefit plans.
© Includes life insurance policies held in restricted trusts for U.S. non-qualified employee benefit plans. The underlying invested assets in these contracts are marketable securities, which are carried at fa

value, with changes in fair value recognized in Other (income)/deductions—net (see Note 4).

Financial Assets and Liabilities Not Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis—The carrying value of Long-term debt, excluding the current portion was $62 billion as of
December 31, 2023 and $33 billion as of December 31, 2022. The estimated fair value of such debt, using a market approach and Level 2 inputs, was $61 billion as of December
31, 2023 and $30 billion as of December 31, 2022.

The differences between the estimated fair values and carrying values of held-to-maturity debt securities, private equity securities, long-term receivables and short-term borrowing
not measured at fair value on a recurring basis were not significant as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. The fair value measurements of our held-to-maturity debt securities and
short-term borrowings are based on Level 2 inputs. The fair value measurements of our long-term receivables and private equity securities are based on Level 3 inputs.

2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

B. Investments
Total Short-Term, Long-Term and Equity-Method Investments
The following summarizes our investments by classification type:
As of December 31.

(MILLIONS) 2023 2022
Short-term investments |
Equity securities with readily determinable fair values” $ 5,124] $ 1,5¢
Available-for-sale debt securities | 4,400 18,7
Held-to-maturity debt securities 313 1,98

s 9,837 $ 22,3"

Total Short-term investments
Long-term investments

Equity securities with readily determinable fair values! $ 2,779| $ 2.8
Available-for-sale debt securities 150 jf
a7 ‘

Held-to-maturity debt securities

Private equity securities at cost” 755 EG
Total Long-term investments $ 3,731/ $ 4,0:
Equity-method investments t 11,637 11.0:
Total long-term investments and equity-method investments. ‘s 15,368| $ 15,0
Held-to-maturity cash equivalents s 2071 $ 6

(© Represent money market funds primarily invested in U.S. Treasury and government debt.
© Represent investments in the life sciences sector.

Debt Securities

Our investment portfolio consists of investment-grade debt securities issued across diverse governments, corporate and financial

———— oor
‘As of December 31, 2022

Gross Unrealized ‘Maturtios (in Years) Gross Unrealized
‘Over 1 Amortized
(MILLIONS) Amortized Cost Gains Losses FairValue __Within 1 05 Overs Cost Gains Losses __ Fair Val
re (ons i ~ ~ =
Government and agency—non-U.S. I 953 28 (1 $ 9 $ 87 $ 126 § —|s 1596 s 297 $ (48) S$ 16.15
Government and agency—US. 2,601 - = 2,601 2,601 - - 4,313 - - 13
Corporate and other 1,006 4 @ 007 982 26 - 1,584 7 “ 1.88
Held-to-maturity debt securities
Time deposits and other 561 - - 561 519 n " a7 - - ti
Government and agency—non-U.S. 4 - = 4 - 4 4 1,542 = = 1.5
Total debt securities 5 ExT? es () $ sus 5 499 $ 105 $ ais 2558 S30 S63) $21

Any expected credit losses to these portfolios would be immaterial to our financial statements.

Equity Securities

‘The following presents the calculation of the portion of unrealized (gains)/losses that relates to equity securities, excluding equity-method investments, held at the reporting date:
Year Ended December 31,

(MILLIONS) : 2023 2022 2021
Net (gains)/losses recognized during the period on equity securities is (1,590) $ 4,273 $ a3
Less: Net (gains)/losses recognized during the period on equity securities sold during

the period (1,754) (126) (
Net unrealized (gains losses during the reporting period on equity securities still held |

at the reporting date i$ 165| $ 1,400_$ (12

'®) Reported in Other (income)/deductions—net. See Note 4.
© Included in net unrealized (gains losses are observable price changes on equity securities without readily determinable fair values. As of December 31, 2023, there were cumulative impairments and
downward adjustments of $259 million and upward adjustments of $213 millon. Impairments, downward and upward adjustments were not material to our operations in 2023, 2022 and 2021.


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

C. Short-Term Borrowings
Short-term borrowings include:

As of December 3:

(MILLIONS) 2023 2022

‘Commercial paper, principal amount) is 7,965| $ -

Current portion of long-term debt, principal amount | 2,250 2.5!

Other short-term borrowings, principal amount” 252 3t
Total short-term borrowings, principal amount 10,467 2.9
Net fair value adjustments related to hedging and purchase accounting | 5

Net unamortized discounts, premiums and debt issuance costs (121)

Total Short-term borrowings, including current portion of long-term debt, carried at historical proceeds, as adjusted $ 10,3501 $ 2%

‘®) |ssued in the fourth quarter of 2023 as part of the financing for our acquisition of Seagen (see Note 2A). The weighted-average effective interest rate on commercial paper outstanding was approximate
5.37% as of December 31, 2023.

©) Primarily includes cash collateral. See Note 7F.

As of December 31, 2023, we had access to a total of $15 billion in committed U.S. revolving credit facilities, consisting of an $8 billion facility maturing in October 2024 and a $7

billion facility maturing in October 2028, which may be used for general corporate purposes including to support our global commercial paper borrowings. In addition to the U.S.

revolving credit facilities, our lenders have provided us an additional $305 million in lines of credit, of which §274 million expire within one year. Essentially all lines of credit were

unused as of December 31, 2023.

D. Long-Term Debt

The following outlines our senior unsecured long-term debt" and the weighted-average stated interest rate by maturity:

As of December 3
(MILLIONS) 2023 2022
Notes due 2024 (3.9% for 2022)" § =| s 22
Notes due 2025 (3.9% for 2023 and 0.8% for 2022) 3,750 7
Notes due 2026 (3.7% for 2023 and 2.9% for 2022) 6,000 3.0
Notes due 2027 (2.1% for 2023 and 2022) 1,029 1.0
Notes due 2028 (4.6% for 2023 and 4.8% for 2022) 5,660 16
Notes due 2029 (3.5% for 2023 and 2022) 1,750 47
Notes due 2030-2034 (4.1% for 2023 and 2.9% for 2022) 12,000 40
Notes due 2035-2039 (5.8% for 2023 and 2022) 8,048 80
Notes due 2040-2044 (4.1% for 2023 and 3.6% for 2022) 7,995 49
Notes due 2045-2049 (4.1% for 2023 and 2022) 3,500 35
Notes due 2050-2063 (5.0% for 2023 and 2.7% for 2022) 11,250 12
Total long-term debt, principal amount 60,982 32,0
Net fair value adjustments related to hedging and purchase accounting 1,039 9
Net unamortized discounts, premiums and debt issuance costs (483); a
Other long-term debt
Total long-term debt, carried at historical proceeds, as adjusted
Current portion of long-term debt, carried at historical proceeds, as adjusted (not included above (3.9% for 2023 and 3.7% for r
2022) s 2,254| $ 25

* Qur long-term debt is generally redeemable by us at any time at varying redemption prices plus accrued and unpaid interest.
©) Reclassified to the current portion of long-term debt.

issuances

In May 2023, we issued, through our wholly-owned finance subsidiary, PIE, the following senior unsecured notes as part of the financing for our acquisition of Seagen"*))-

(MILLIONS) Principal
Interest Rate Maturity Date December 31, 21
4.65% May 19,2025 §

4.45% May 19, 2026

4.45% May 19, 2028

4.65% May 19, 2030

4.75% May 19, 2033,

5.11% May 19, 2043

5.30% May 19, 2053

5.34% May 19, 2063

Total long-term debt issued in 2023 5

Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K 81


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

©) The notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Pfizer Inc. PIE was formed to finance a portion of the consideration for the acquisition of Seagen and has no assets ¢
operations, and will have no assets or operations, other than as related to the issuance, administration and repayment of the notes and any other debt securities that it may issue in the future.

© The notes may be redeemed by us at any time, in whole, or in part, at 2 make-whole redemption price plus accrued and unpaid interest,

(2 The weighted a fective interest rate for the notes at issuance was 4.93%,

In August 2021, we completed a public offering of $1.0 billion principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2031 at an effective interest rate of 1.79%.

E, Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities

Foreign Exchange Risk—A significant portion of our revenues, earnings and net investments in foreign affiliates is exposed to changes in foreign exchange rates. Where foreign
exchange risk is not offset by other exposures, we manage our foreign exchange risk principally through the use of derivative financial instruments and foreign currency debt. The
financial instruments serve to mitigate the impact on net income as a result of remeasurement into another currency, or against the impact of translation into U.S. dollars of certair
foreign exchange-denominated transactions.

The derivative financial instruments primarily hedge or offset exposures in the euro, U.K. pound, Japanese yen, Canadian dollar, and Chinese renminbi, and include a portion of o
forecasted foreign exchange-denominated intercompany inventory sales hedged up to two years. We may seek to protect against possible declines in the reported net investment
of our foreign business entities.

Changes in fair value are reported in earnings or in Other comprehensive income/{loss), depending on the nature and purpose of the financial instrument (hedge or offset

relationship). For certain foreign exchange contracts, we exclude an amount from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognize the excluded amount through an

amortization approach in earnings. The hedge relationships are as follows:

+ Generally, we recognize the gains and losses on foreign exchange contracts that are designated as fair value hedges in earnings upon the recognition of the change in fair valu
of the hedged item. We also recognize the offsetting foreign exchange impact attributable to the hedged item in earnings.

+ Generally, we record in Other comprehensive income/(loss) gains or losses on foreign exchange contracts that are designated as cash flow hedges and reclassify those amour
into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings.

+ We record in Other comprehensive income/{loss)—Foreign currency translation adjustments, net the foreign exchange gains and losses related to foreign exchange-denomina
debt and foreign exchange contracts designated as a hedge of our net investments in foreign subsidiaries and rectassify those amounts into earnings upon the sale or substant
liquidation of our net investments.

+ For foreign exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments, we recognize the gains and losses immediately into earnings along with the earnings impact of the iter
they generally offset. These contracts take the opposite currency position of that refiected on the balance sheet to counterbalance the effect of any currency movement.

Interest Rate Risk—Our interest-bearing investments and borrowings are subject to interest rate risk. Depending on market conditions, we may change the profile of our outstand
debt or investments by entering into derivative financial instruments like interest rate swaps, either to hedge or offset the exposure to changes in the fair value of hedged items wit
fixed interest rates, or to convert variable rate debt or investments to fixed rates. The derivative financial instruments primarily hedge U.S. dollar fixed-rate debt.

We recognize the change in fair value on interest rate contracts that are designated as fair value hedges in earnings, as well as the offsetting earnings impact of the hedged risk

attributable to the hedged item.
The following summarizes the fair value of the derivative financial instruments and notional amounts:
(MILLIONS) As of December 31, 2023 As of December 31, 2022
Fair Value Fair Value
Notional Asset Uabilty Notional Asset Liability
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: - -
Foreign exchange contracts) $18,750 $ 403 $ we] $ 26,603 $ 838 $ 446
Interest rate contracts 6,750 144 230 2,250 = 3%
346 4,206 838 15:
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:
Foreign exchange contracts $ 25,609 154 2141 $ 29,814 240 3
Total | $ 700 $ 1,420| $ 1,078 $ 1,8t

© The notional amount of outstanding foreign exchange contracts hedging our intercompany forecasted inventory sales was $4.9 billion as of December 31, 2023 and $4.4 billion as of December 31, 202

Piizer Inc.) 2023'Form'10-K 782


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies ‘

The following summarizes information about the gains/(losses) incurred to hedge or offset operational foreign exchange or interest rate risk exposures:

Gains/(Losses)
Gains/(Losses) Gains/(Losses) Reclassified from
Recognized in O1D® Recognized in OCI OCI into O1D and COs“)
Year Ended December 31,
(wnLLIONS) 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 2
Derivative Financial Instruments in Cash Flow Hedge
Relationships:
Interest rate contracts $ -|s -— 5 6a] $s -— $s ats
Foreign exchange contracts” - - 380 1,296 236 19
‘Amount excluded from effectiveness testing and amortized
into earnings‘ - - 178 148 177 1
Derivative Financial Instruments in Fair Value Hedge
Relationships:
Interest rate contracts 196 (337) - - -
Hedged item (196) 337 - - -
Derivative Financial Instruments in Net Investment Hedge
Relationships:
Foreign exchange contracts - = (393) 816 =
Amount excluded from effectiveness testing and amortized :
into earnings - - 137 73 136 1
Non-Derivative Financial Instruments in Net Investment
Hedge Relationships:
Foreign currency short-term borrowings - _ - 26 _
Foreign currency long-term debt - - (23) 51 -
Derivative Financial Instruments Not Designated as Hedges:
Foreign exchange contracts 164 (1,153) = = -
s 1641 5 (1,153) [§ 3ati S$ 2,409 § 5491 $ 24

©) OID = Other (incomeydeductions—net, included in Other (income)/deductions—net in the consolidated statements of income. COS = Cost of Sales, included in Cost of sales in the consolidated
statements of income. OC! = Other comprehensive incomel(loss), included in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.

© The amounts reclassified from OCI into COS were a net gain of $253 milion in 2023 and a net gain of $375 milion in 2022. The remaining amounts were reclassified from OCI into OID. Based on year:
end foreign exchange rates that are subject to change, we expect to reclassify a pre-tax gain of $11 milion within the next 12 months into income. The maximum length of time over which we are hedgi
‘our exposure to the variability in future foreign exchange cash flows is approximately 19 years and relates to foreign currency debt.

(© The amounts reclassified from OCI were reclassified into OID.

‘ Long-term debt includes foreign currency borrowings which are used as net investment hedges; the related carrying values as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 were $824 million and $7:
milion, respectively.

As of December 31, 2023, ‘As of December 31, 2022
‘Cumulative Amount of Fair ‘Cumulative Amount of Fair
Value Hedging Adjustment Value Hedging Adjustment *
Increase/(Decrease) to increase/(Decrease) to
Carrying Amount Carrying Amount
Carrying Amount of Active Discontinued Carrying Amount of Discontinue
Hedged iging Hedging Hedged Active Hedging Hedgin
(MILLIONS) Assets/Liabilties® Relationships Relationships __Assets/Liabilities Relationships Relationshig
‘Short-term borrowings, including current | ” ”
portion of long-term debt $s — $ —- ¢ als -$ - $ 1
Long-term debt 3 7196 $ (131) $ 957] $ 2235 $ (321) $. 1,047

©) Carrying amounts exclude the cumulative amount of fair value hedging adjustments,

E Credit Risk

On an ongoing basis, we monitor and review the credit risk of our customers, financial institutions and exposures in our investment portfol

With respect to our trade accounts receivable, we monitor the creditworthiness of our customers to which we grant credit in the normal course of business. In general, there is no
requirement for collateral from customers. For additional information on our trade accounts receivable and allowance for credit losses, see Note 1G. A significant portion of our tra
accounts receivable balances are due from wholesalers and governments. For additional information on our trade accounts receivables with significant customers, see Note 17C.

“2023 Form 10-K (83


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

With respect to our investments, we monitor concentrations of credit risk associated with government, government agency, and corporate issuers of securities. Investments are
placed in instruments that are investment grade and are primarily short in duration. Exposure limits are established to limit a concentration with any single credit counterparty. As «
December 31, 2023, the largest investment exposures in our portfolio consisted primarily of U.S. government money market funds, as well as sovereign debt instruments issued t
the U.S,

With respect to our derivative financial instrument agreements with financial institutions, we do not expect to incur a significant loss from failure of any counterparty. Derivative
financial instruments are executed under International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreements with credit-support annexes that contain zero threshold provisions
requiring collateral to be exchanged daily depending on levels of exposure. As a result, there are no significant concentrations of credit risk with any individual financial institution.
of December 31, 2023, the aggregate fair value of these derivative financial instruments that are in a net payable position was $768 million, for which we have posted collateral of
$771 million with a corresponding amount reported in Short-term investments. As of December 31, 2023, the aggregate fair value of our derivative financial instruments that are in
net receivable position was $225 milion, for which we have received collateral of $221 million with a corresponding amount reported in Short-term borrowings, including current
portion of long-term debt.

Note 8. Other Financial Information

Alnventories
The following summarizes the components of Inventories:

As of December 3
(MILLIONS) 2023 2
Finished goods 'g 3,495 | $ 2.6
Work-in-process 5,688 55
Raw materials and supplies 1,007 &
Inventories 's 10,1891 $

Noncurrent inventories not included above®) 's 45681 $ 58

(©) The increase from December 31, 2022 of $1.2 bilion reflects an increase of approximately $1.0 billion representing acquired Seagen inventory, inclusive of the fair value step-up (see Note 2), and
increases for certain products due to new product launches, supply recovery and changes in net market demand. These increases were offset to a large extent by $1.0 billion in inventory write-offs for
Paxlovid and Comimaty.

©) Inctuded in Other noncurrent assets. The decrease from December 31, 2022 of $1.3 billion is primarily driven by inventory write-offs for Paxlovid of $4.2 billion and, to a lesser extent, inventory write-off
for Comimnaty of $0.7 billion, offset to a large extent by an increase of approximately $3.1 billion representing acquired Seagen inventory, inclusive of the fair value step-up (see Note 2A). The charges ¢
corresponding inventory write-offs were based on our analysis of Paxlovid and Comimaly inventory levels as of December 31, 2023 in relation to our commercial outlook for both products. Based on
current estimates and assumptions, there are no recoverability issues for these amounts.

B.O1 bili .

Other current liabilities includes, among other things, amounts payable to BioNTech for the gross profit split for Comimaty, which totaled $2.0 billion as of December 31, 2023 and
$5.2 billion as of December 31, 2022.

C. Supplier Finance Program Obligation

We maintain voluntary supply chain finance agreements with several participating financial institutions. Under these agreements, participating suppliers may voluntarily elect to se
their accounts receivable with Pfizer to these financial institutions. Our suppliers negotiate their financing agreements directly with the respective financial institutions and we are r
a party to these agreements. We have no economic interest in our suppliers’ decision to participate and we pay the financial institutions the stated amount of confirmed invoices 0
the original maturity dates, which is generally within 90 to 120 days of the invoice date. The agreements with the financial institutions do not require Pfizer to provide assets pledg:
as security or other forms of guarantees for the supplier finance program. All outstanding amounts related to suppliers participating in such financing arrangements are recorded
within trade payables in our consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively, $791 million and $849 million of our trade payables to
suppliers who participate in these financing arrangements were outstanding.

Note 9. Property, Plant and Equipment

The following summarizes the components of Property, plant and equipment:

. Useful Lives ‘As of December 31,

(MILUONS) (Years) 2023 EG
Land 7s 353| $ 3
Buildings 33-50 9,046 88
Machinery and equipment 8-20 14,263 12,8:
Furniture, fixtures and other 312.5) 5,399 4a
Construction in progress : 5,925 48

| 34,985 31,4:
Less: Accumulated depreciation 16,045 15,1
Property, plant and equipment { 18,940| $ 16,2

2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

The following provides long-lived assets by geographic area:

As of December 31,
(MILLIONS) 2023 2
United States $ 10,674] $ 94
Developed Europe 6,221 53
Developed Rest of World 290 2
Emerging Markets 1,756 14
Property, plant and equipment $ 18,940| $ 16,2
Note 10. Identifiable intangible Assets and Goodwill
A. Identifiable Intangible Assets
The following summarizes the components of Identifiable intangible assets:
As of December 31, 2023 As of December 31, 2022
Identifiable Tdentifia
Intangible Intar
Gross Assets, less Gross Assets,
Carrying Accumulated Accumulated Carrying Accumulated Accumula
(MILLIONS) ‘Amount Amortization Amortization Amount Amortization ‘Amortizal
Finite-lived intangible assets ] - ~
Developed technology rights $ 99,267 $ (60,493) $ 38,773; $ 85,604 $ (66,307) $ 29.2
Brands 922 (877) 45 922 (844)
Licensing agreements and other! 2,756 (1,458) 1,297 2,237 1,397)
I 102,944 (62,828) 40,116) 88,763 (58,548)
Indefinite-lived intangible assets
Brands 827 827 827 8
IPR&D® 23,193 23,193, 11,387 13
Licensing agreements and other 763 763 971 9
t 24,784 24,7841 13,155, 134
Identifiable intangible assets $ 127,728 $ (62,828) $ 64,9001 § 101,919 $ (58,548) $ 43,3

(©) The increase in the gross carrying amount primarily includes, among other things: (i) $7.5 billion for the acquisition of Seagen (see Note 24); (i) the transfer of IPR&D to developed technology rights of
$3.6 billion for etrasimod (Velsipity), $2.1 billion for Padcev, $1.1 billion for BraftovilMeklovi, and $450 million as a result of the approval in the U.S. for Zavzpret nasal spray; and (ii) $495 milion of
capitalized milestones as a result of the approval in the U.S. for Zavzpret nasal spray, partially offset by (iv) impairments of $964 million for Prevnar 13 (see Note 4).

© The increase in the gross carrying amount primarily reflects $450 milion for the acquisition of Seagen (see Note 24

(©) The increase in the gross carrying amount reflects $20.8 billion for the acquisition of Seagen (see Note 2A), partially offset by the transfer from IPR&D to developed technology rights as mention
innote (a) above, and impairments of $1.4 billion for etrasimod (Velsipity).

(©) The increase is primarily due to $28.8 billion for the acquisition of Seagen (see Note 2A) and the $495 million of capitalized milestones described in note (a) above, partially offset by amortization exper
0f $4.7 billion and impairments of $3.0 billion (see Note 4).

Developed Technology Rights—Developed technology rights represent the cost for developed technology acquired from third parties and can include the right to develop, use,
market, sell andor offer for sale the product, compounds and intellectual property that we have acquired with respect to products, compounds and/or processes that have been
completed. We possess a well-diversified portfolio of hundreds of developed technology rights across therapeutic categories, representing our commercialized products. The
significant components of developed technology rights are the following: Nurtec ODT/Vydura, Adcetris, Xtandi, etrasimod (Velsipity), Padcev, Braftovi/Mektovi, Prevnar 13 family <
Oxbryta. Also included in this category are the post-approval milestone payments made under our alliance agreements for certain prescription pharmaceutical products.

Brands—Brands represent the cost for tradenames and know-how, as the products themselves do not receive patent protection. Indefinite-lived brands include Medrol and Depo-
Medrol, while finite-lived brands include Zavedos and Depo-Provera.

IPR&D—IPRAD assets represent the acquisition date fair value (less impairments) of R&D assels acquired through business combinations that have not yet received regulatory
approval in a major market which could include both new investigational products and additional indications for in-line products. The significant components of IPR&D are SGN-Bt
Disitamab vedotin, GBT601, Tukysa, Padcev and talazoparib. IPR&D assets are required to be classified as indefinite-lived assets until the successful completion or the
abandonment of the associated R&D effort. Accordingly, during the development period after the date of acquisition, these assets are not amortized until approval is obtained in a
major market, typically either the U.S. or the EU, or in a series of other countries, subject to certain specified conditions and management judgment. At that time, we will determin
the useful life of the asset, reclassify it out of IPR&D and begin amortization. If the associated R&D effort is abandoned, the related IPR&D assets will be written-off, and we will
record an impairment charge. IPR&D assets are high-risk assets, given the uncertain nature of R&D. Accordingly, IPR&D assets may become impaired and/or be written-off in the
future.

Licensing Agreements—Licensing agreements for developed technology and for technology in development primarily relate to out-licensing arrangements acquired from third
parties, including the Array, Arena and Seagen acquisitions. These assets represent the cost for the license, where we acquired the right to future royalties and/or milestones upor
development or commercialization by the licensing partners. A


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

significant component of the licensing arrangements are for out-licensing arrangements with a number of partners. Accordingly, during the development period after the date of
acquisition, each of these assets is classified as indefinite-lived intangible assets and will not be amortized until approval is obtained in a major market. At that time we will determ
the useful life of the asset, reclassify the respective licensing arrangement asset to finite-lived intangible asset and begin amortization. If the development effort is abandoned, the
related licensing asset will be written-off, and we will record an impairment charge.

Amortization—The weighted-average life for each of our total finite-ived intangible assets is approximately 11 years, and for the largest component, developed technology rights,
approximately 11 years.

The following provides the expected annual amortization expense:

(MILLIONS) 2024 2025 2026 2027 20
‘Amortization expense $ 5,079 _$ 4,763 $ 4,639 $ 4,054 _$ 3.7C
B. Goodwilf

The following summarizes the changes in the carrying amount of Goodwill:

(MILLIONS) Tot!
Balance, January 1, 2022 $ 49,2
Additions

Impact of foreign exchange

Balance, December 31, 2022
Additions”

Impact of foreign exchange and other
Balance, December 31, 2023 's 677.

© Our goodwill balance continues to be assigned within the Biopharma reportable segment.
© Additions in 2022 relate to our acquisitions of GBT, Arena and Bichaven, and in 2023 primarily related to our acquisition of Seagen. See Note 2A.

Note 11. Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans and Defined Contribution Plans

The majority of our employees worldwide are eligible for retirement benefits provided through defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans or both. In the U.S., we
sponsor both IRC-qualfied and supplemental (non-qualified) defined benefit plans and defined contribution plans. A qualified plan meets the requirements of certain sections of th
IRC, and, generally, contributions to qualified plans are tax deductible. A qualified plan typically provides benefits to a broad group of employees with restrictions on discriminating
favor of highly compensated employees with regard to coverage, benefits and contributions. A supplemental (non-qualified) plan provides additional benefits to certain employees
addition, we provide medical insurance benefits to certain retirees and their eligible dependents through our postretirement plans,

A. Components of Net Periodic Benefit Costs and Changes in Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss)
The following summarizes the components of net periodic benefit cosU(credit) and the changes in Other comprehensive income/(loss) for our benefit plans:

Pension Plans Postretirement Plans
US. International
Year Ended December 31,

(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2
‘Service cost $ —|$ — 3 — § e5/S 16 $ 130 § 124 $ 29 §
Interest cost 589 534 455 287 157 146 2 27
Expected return on plan assets (778) (862) (1,052) (304) (296) (327) (44), (47)
Amortization of prior service cost/(credit) 2 2 (2) = O (1) (119)) (130) a
Actuarial (gains)/losses! (410) 225 (684) 102 (1) (690) 54 | (440) (1
Curtailments - - - (2); (11) (4) (12); (18) (
Special termination benefits 6 18 17 -l 1 - - 1
Net periodic benefit cost/(credit) reported in income | (592), (84) (1,265) | ia (45) (746) | (90); (678) 3
Cost(credit) reported in Other comprehensive |

income/{loss) (2); (2) 3 [De 2 1
Cost/(credit) recognized in Comprehensive income _'$ (594)! $ (86) $ (1,264) |§ 199] $ (46) $ (742) $ 38] $ (410) $ (2

(©) Reflects: (i) actuarial remeasurement net gains in 2023, primarily due to favorable asset performance in the U.S. and increases in discount rates for the international plans, partially offset by unfavorablt
‘asset performance for certain international plans, (i) actuarial cemeasurement net gains in 2022, primarily due to increases in discount rates, partially offset by unfavorable plan asset performance, and
actuarial remeasurement gains in 2021, primarily due to favorable plan asset performance and increases in discount rates.

2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

The components of net periodic benefit cost(credit) other than the service cost component are primarily included in Other (income)/deductions—net (see Note 4).
8. Actuarial Assumptions

Pension Plans Postretirement Plans
US. International
‘Year Ended December 31,

(PERCENTAGES) 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2
Weighted-average assumptions used to
determine net periodic benefit cost:
Discount rate:

Pension plans/postretirement plans 5.4% 29% 26% 5.5% 29% 26

Interest cost 3.8 % 15% 12%

Service cost 3.6%! 17% 14%
Expected return on plan assets 75%! 6.3% 6.8% 45%! 3.1% 3.4% 7.5% 63% 6E
Rate of compensation increase") 3.0 % 28% 2.9%
Weighted-average ut
detemine bonelobisal Yeavend:
Discount rate 5.4% 5.4% 29% 44% 38% 1.6% 5.4%! 5.5% 24
Rate of compensation increase"! 3.2% 3.0% 28%

©) The rate of compensation increase is not used to determine the net periodic benefit cost and benefit obligation for the U.S. pension plans as these plans are frozen.

All of the assumptions are reviewed at least annually. We revise these assumptions based on an annual evaluation of long-term trends as well as market conditions that may have
‘an impact on the cost of providing retirement benefits.

The weighted-average discount rate for our U.S. defined benefit plans is set with reference to the prevailing market rate of a portfolio of high-quality fixed income investments, rat«
‘AA/Aa or better that reflect the rates at which the pension benefits could be effectively settled. For our international plans, the discount rates are set by benchmarking against
investment grade corporate bonds rated AA/Aa or better, including, when there is sufficient data, a yield curve approach. These rate determinations are made consistent with loca
requirements. Overall, the yield curves used to measure the benefit obligations at year-end 2023 resulted in broadly unchanged discount rates for the U.S. pension and
postretirement plans and higher discount rates for the international pension plans as compared to the prior year.

The following provides the healthcare cost trend rate assumptions for our U.S. postretirement benefit plans:

‘As of December 31,
2023 2

Healthcare cost trend rate assumed for next year 7.9% 64
Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline 4.0%! 40
Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 2047 i 204

2023 Form 10-K {87


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

C. Obligations and Funded Status

The following provides: (i) an analysis of the changes in our benefit obligations, plan assets and funded status of our benefit plans, (ii) the funded status recognized in our
consolidated balance sheets and (iii) the pre-tax components of cumulative amounts recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss:

Pension Plans Postretirement Plans
US. International
Year Ended December 31,

(miLLi0Ns) 2023 2022 2023 2022 2023 a
‘Change in benefit obligation’ |
Benefit obligation, beginning $ 11,420] $ 17,150 |$ 7,497} $ 11,657 $ ato] $ 9

Service cost - - 85 116 12

Interest cost 589 534 287 157 2

Employee contributions - - a 9 52

Plan amendments - - 25 - -

Changes in actuarial assumptions and other” (127)! (4,187) (518) (2,931) 96 6

Foreign exchange impact - () 280 (1,065) (1)

Upjohn spin-off - - = 7 —

Acquisitions/divestitures, net - 61 13 (50) -

Curtailments and special termination benefits 6 18 - (10) (3)

Settlements (675) (1,898) (56) (64) - (

Benefits paid (457) (457) (334)! (359) (137) (t
Benefit obligation, ending I 10,756 | 14,420 | 7,292 | 7.497 | 450 4
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets, beginning 10,871 16,346 6,865 10,729 647

‘Actual return on plan assets 1,061 (3,550) (316) (2,624) 89 (1

Company contributions 134 230 154 156 (15))

Employee contributions - = 1 9 52

Foreign exchange impact - - 214 (1,037) -

Upjohn spin-off - _- - 45 -

Acquisitions/divestitures, net _- 1 13 9 -

Settlements(® (675) (1,698) (56); (64) = (

Benefits paid (457) (487) (334)| (359) (137); (
Fair value of plan assets, ending i] 10,935 | 10,871 } 6,552 | 6865 | 636 | 6
Funded status $ 1791 $ (549) |$ (740)) $ (632) $ 186 | $ 2
Amounts recorded in our consolidated balance sheet: | I
Noncurrent assets $ 4,010] $ 346 |S 644] $ 783 266] $ 3
Current liabilities (94) (110) (28); (27) | (6)
Noncurrent liabilities (738) (785) (1,355)! (1,388) (74) ¢
Funded status s 179| $ (549) |s. (740)| $ (632) $ 186| $ 2
Pre-tax components of cumulative amounts recognized in Accumulated

other comprehensive loss: | |
Prior service (costs)/credits $ a) $s @) 8 (65) $ G4) 285] $ 4

‘excess of plan assets:

Fair value of plan assets $ -|s ass s79| $ 343,

ABO 831 981 1,834 4,600

Inf ition relate led statu: pension plans with a PBO in

‘excess of plan assets:

Fair value of plan assets —| $s 86 IS 964] $ 1,081

PBO 831 981 2,347, 2,496

© For the U.S. pension plans, the benefit obligation is both the PBO and ABO as these plans are frozen and future benefit accruals no longer increase with future compensation increases. For the
international pension plans, the benefit obligation is the PBO. The ABO for our intemational pension plans was $7.0 billion in 2023 and $7.2 bilion in 2022, For the postretirement plans, the benefit
obligation is the ABO.

©) For 2023, primarily includes actuarial gains resulting from increases in discount rates for the international pension plans. For 2022, primarily includes actuarial gains resulting from increases in discount
‘ates, offset by increases in inflation assumptions for the intemational plan.

(©) Asa result of a group annuity contract entered into between Pfizer and a third-party insurance company in July 2022, the third party insurance company assumed future benefit obli
‘responsiblity for the annuity payments of certain retirees in the Pfizer Consolidated Pension Plan. Benefit obligations of $586 million and plan assets of $588 million were associated with this contract. |
February 2024, regulatory approval was received for this contract.

(© Our main U.S. qualified plan, U.S. postretirement plan and many of our larger funded international plans were overfunded as of December 31, 2023.


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc, and Subsidiary Compat

D. Plan Assets
The following provides the components of plan assets:
‘As of December 31, 2023 ‘As of December 31, 2022
Fair Value
Assets
(MILLIONS EXCEPT TARGET Target Allocation Level Measured at Level Measure
ALLOCATION PERCENTAGE) Percentage __Total_—_Level1 2 Level 3 NAVe) __Totat__Level1 2 Level 3 Ne
= ~ . . “
‘Cash and cash equivalents 010% $ 66 $ 47 $ 5599 $ — $ —|s se $ 4 $ #7 $ — $
Equity securities: 10-40%
Global equity securities 1537 4,537 - 1 - 1555 1,553 1 1
Equity commingled funds 100 - 100 - - 165 - 165 -
Fixed income securities: 45-80%
Corporate debt securities 3,668 1 - - 3812 5 3,507 -
Government and agency
obligations 4971 - - - m2 - 4772 -
Fixed income commingled funds 25 - - " 16 - 16 -
Other investments: 535%
Partnership investments‘ 2,449 - - - 2,449 2,152 - - - 24
Insurance contracts 99 - 99 - - 116 - 16 -
‘Other commingled funds 479 - = - 479 756 - - - 7
Total i 700% 3 i093 $1005 3 640 $1 $2030; S 10871 3 1007 3 oss 3 1 328
International pension plans —
Cash and cash equivalents 010% $ 268 $ 120 $ 48 $ — § -|S 2 $ 5 S$ 13 S$ — $
Equity securities: 10-20%
Equity commingled funds 633 - 587 - 46 m4 - 672 -
Fixed income securities: 45-70%
Corporate debt securities 617 - 617 - - 569 - 569 -
Government and agency
‘obligations! 948 - 848 - 862 - 862 -
Fixed income commingled funds 1,852 - 872 - 980 2,053 - 1,045 - 10
Other investments: 15.35%
Partnership investments 145 - 2 - 142 128 - 1 - 1
Insurance contracts 415 - 55 1,096 - 1197 - 541,143
Other* 1,039 = 167 244 628 4122 - 133 312 é
Total f 10% § 6552 $ 120 $ 3205 $ 1960 3 1796) $ 6865 $ 58 $ 3498 S 1455 3 1
U.S. postretirement plans!
Cash and cash equivalents 05% $ 38 48 2s —s -|s 997 $ 18 %s —$
Insurance contracts 95-100% 633 = 633 = = 551 = 551 =
Total i 10% § 66 $ 198 «288 $ — $ 137 3 135 6 S$ — $

) Certain investments that are measured at NAV per share (or its equivalent) have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The NAV amounts presented in this table are intended to permit
reconciliation ofthe fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented for the total pension benefits plan assets.

©) Government and agency obligations are inclusive of repurchase agreements.

(©) Mainly includes investments in private equity, private debt and real est

(©) Mostly includes investments in hedge funds and real estate.

©) Reflects postretirement plan assets, which support our U.S. retiree medical plans.

‘The following provides an analysis of the changes in our more significant investments valued using significant unobservable inputs:

International Pension Plans.

Year Ended December 31,
(MILLIONS) 2023 2
Fair value, beginning 46
Actual return on plan assets:
Assets held, ending a
Assets sold during the period
Purchases, sales, and settlements, net . a

Transfer into/(out of) Level 3
Exchange rate changes

Pfizer Inc. 2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

‘The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of our pension and postretirement plans’ assets:

+ Cash and cash equivalents: Level 1 investments may include cash, cash equivalents and foreign currency valued using exchange rates. Level 2 investments may include short
term investment funds which are commingled funds priced at a stable NAV by the administrator of the funds.

+ Equity securities: Level 1 investments may include individual securities that are valued at the closing price or last trade reported on the major market on which they are traded.
Level 1 and Level 2 investments may include commingled funds that have a readily determinable fair value based on quoted prices on an exchange or a published NAV derivec
from the quoted prices in active markets of the underlying securities. Level 3 investments may include individual securities that are unlisted, delisted, suspended, or illiquid and
typically valued using their last available price.

+ Fixed income securities: Level 1 investments may include individual securities that are valued at the closing price or last trade reported on the major market on which they are
traded. Level 2 investments may include commingled funds that have a readily determinable fair value based on observable prices of the underlying securities. Level 2
investments may include corporate bonds, government and government agency obligations and other fixed income securities valued using bid evaluation pricing models or quc
prices of securities with similar characteristics. Level 3 investments may include securities that are valued using alternative pricing sources, such as investment managers or
brokers, which use proprietary pricing models that incorporate unobservable inputs.

+ Other investments: Level 1 investments may include individual securities that are valued at the closing price or last trade reported on the major market on which they are trac
Level 2 investments may include insurance contracts which invest in interest bearing cash, U.S. government securities and corporate debt instruments. Level 3 investments r
include securities or insurance contracts that are valued using alternative pricing sources, such as investment managers or brokers, which use proprietary pricing models
incorporate unobservable inputs.

Equity securities, Fixed income securities and Other investments may each be combined into commingled funds. Most commingled funds are valued to reflect the interest in the ft

based on the reported year-end NAV, Partnership and Other investments are valued based on year-end reported NAV (or its equivalent), with adjustments as appropriate for laggt

feporting of up to three months.

Certain investments are authorized to include derivatives, such as equity or bond futures, swaps, options and currency futures or forwards for managing risks and exposures.

Global plan assets are managed with the objective of generating returns that will enable the plans to meet their future obligations, while seeking to manage net periodic benefit co

and cash contributions over the long-term. We utilize long-term asset allocation ranges in the management of our plans’ invested assets. Our long-term return expectations are

developed based on a diversified, global investment strategy that takes into account historical experience, as well as the impact of portfolio diversification, active portfolio
management, and our view of current and future economic and financial market conditions. As market conditions and other factors change, we may adjust our targets accordingly
and our asset allocations may vary from the target allocations.

E. Cash Flows

Itis our practice to fund amounts for our qualified pension plans that are at least sufficient to meet the minimum requirements set forth in applicable employee benefit laws and loc
tax laws.

The following provides the expected future cash flow information related to our benefit plans:

Pension Plans Postretirement Plans

(MILLIONS) US. International
Expected employer contributions:

2024 $ 4S 162. $
Expected benefit payments:

2024 $ 1,009 $ 372 $

2025 907 361

2026 894 371

2027 875 384

2028 858 386

2029-2033 4,004 2,073 2

The above table reflects the total U.S. and international plan benefits projected to be paid from the plans or from our general assets under the current actuarial assumptions used
the calculation of the benefit obligation.

E Defined Contribution Plans

We have defined contribution plans in the U.S. and other countries. For the majority of the U.S. defined contribution plans, employees may contribute a portion of their salaries an
bonuses to the plans, and we match, in cash, a portion of the employee contributions. We also offer a Retirement Savings Contribution which is an annual non-contributory emplo
contribution in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. We recorded charges related to the employer contributions to global defined contribution plans of $843 million in 2023, $770 million in 20
and $732 million in 2021.

Note 12. Equity

A Common Stock Purchases

We purchase our common stock through privately negotiated transactions or in the open market as circumstances and prices warrant. Purchased shares under a share-purchase
plan, which is authorized by our BOD, are available for general corporate purposes. In December

2023 Form 10-K ‘90


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

2018, the BOD authorized a $10 billion share repurchase program to be utilized over time and share repurchases commenced thereunder in the first quarter of 2019.

in the first quarter of 2022, we purchased 39 million shares of our common stock at a cost of $2 billion under our publicly announced share-purchase plan. Our remaining share-
purchase authorization was approximately $3.3 billion as of December 31, 2023.

B. Employee Stock Ownership Plans

We have one ESOP that holds common stock of the Company (Common ESOP). As of December 31, 2023, all shares of common stock held by the Common ESOP have been
allocated to the Pfizer U.S. defined contribution plan participants. The compensation cost related to the Common ESOP was $20 million for 2023 and $19 million for each of 2022
and 2021.

Note 13. Share-Based Payments

‘Our compensation programs can include share-based payment awards with value that is determined by reference to the fair value of our shares and that provide for the grant of
shares or options to acquire shares or similar arrangements. Our share-based awards are designed based on competitive survey data or industry peer groups used for
compensation purposes, and are allocated between different long-term incentive awards, generally in the form of Total Shareholder Return Units (TSRUs), Restricted Stock Units
(RSUs), Portfolio Performance Shares (PPSs), Performance Share Awards (PSAs), Breakthrough Performance Awards (BPAs) and stock options, as determined by the
‘Compensation Committee of our BOD. No BPAs were granted in 2023 and no BPAs were outstanding as of December 31, 2023.

The 2019 Stock Plan (2019 Plan) provides for 400 milion shares to be authorized for grants. The number of stock options, TSRUs, RSUs, or performance-based awards that may
granted to any one individual during any 36-month period is limited to 20 million shares. RSUs count as three shares, and PPSs, PSAs and BPAs count as three shares times the
‘maximum potential payout, while TSRUs and stock options count as one share, toward the maximum shares available under the 2019 Plan. As of December 31, 2023, 248 millior
‘shares were available for award, including 68 million shares that we assumed from the remaining shares available from the stock plan of Seagen which can be issued to legacy
employees of Seagen and newly hired employees after the date of acquisition once such shares are registered on Form S-8. Although not required to do so, we have used
authorized and unissued shares and, to a lesser extent, treasury stock to satisfy our obligations under these programs.

Pfizer Inc.| 2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

A summary of the awards and valuation details:

Terms

‘Awarded to

Total Shareholder Return Units (TSRUs)

Valuation

Recognition and Presentation 1

[Senior and other key |* Entitlo the holder to receive shares of our common stock with @ value equal to t
management and difference between the defined settlement price and the grant price, plus the dividend
select employees equivalents accumulated during the five or seven-year term, if and to the extent the total
value is positive,
‘Settlement price is the average closing price of our common stock during the 20 trading
days ending on the fith or seventh anniversary of the grant. as applicable; the grant
price is the closing price of our common stock on the date of the grant.
Automatically settle on the fifth or seventh anniversary of the grant but vest on the third
anniversary of the grant.
Retirement-eligible holders can convert their TSRUs, when vested, into Profit Units
(PTUs) with a conversion ratio based on a calculation used to determine the shares at
TSRU settlement. The PTUs are entitled to earn Dividend Equivalent Units (DEUs), and
the PTUs and DEUs willbe settled in our common stock on the TSRUs' original
settlement date and will be subject to the terms and conditions of the original grant
including forfeiture provisions.

[As of the grant date
lusing a Monte
[Cario simulation
model

[Amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting term into Cost
|sales, Selling, informational and administrative expenses, andlor
|Research and development expenses, as appropriate.

Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)

[Select employees

Entile the holder to receive a specified number of shares of our common stock,
including dividend equivalents that are reinvested into additional RSUs.

For RSUs granted before 2022, generally in all instances, the units vest on the third
anniversary of the grant date assuming continuous service from the grant dat
Beginning in 2022, generally in all instances, the units vest and distribute one-third per
year for three years on each of the three annual anniversaries from the date of grant
assuming continuous service from the grant date,

[Portfolio Performance Shares (PPSs)

[As of the grant date
using the closing
price of our
Icommon stock

[Amortized on a straight-line basis for RSUs granted before 202
lon an accelerated attribution approach for RSUs granted beginnin
lin 2022, over the vesting term into Cost of sales, Selling,
linformational and administrative expenses, and/or Research and
|development expenses, as appropriate.

i}

including dividend equivalents on shares earned, dependent upon the achievement of

predetermined goals related to two measures:

a. Adjusted net income over three one-year periods; and

b. TSR as compared to the NYSE ARCA Pharmaceutical Index (DRG Index) over the
three-year performance period.

PSAs vest on the third anniversary of the grant assuming continuous service from the

rant date,

‘The award that may be eamed ranges from 0% to 200% of the target award depending

con goal achievement over the performance period.

value method using
the closing price of
Jour common stock

[Select employees [+ Entile the holder to receive, at the end of the performance period, shares of our [Amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting term into Cost
common stock, if any, including shares resulting from dividend equivalents earned on using the intrinsic _|sales, Selling, informational and administrative expenses andlor
such shares. value method using |Research and development expenses, as appropriate, and adjust:

+ For PPSs granted, the awards vest on the third anniversary of the grant assuming the closing price of Jeach reporting period, as necessary, to reflect changes in the prict
Continuous service from the grant date and the number of shares paid any, depends OUrcommon stock Jour common stock, the number of shares that are probable of beir
on the achievement of predetermined goats related to Pfizer's long-term product jeamed, end management's assessment of the probabllty that the
portfolio during a three or five-year performance period from the year of the grant date, specified pertormance criteria wil be achieved.
as applicable.

+The number of shares that may be eamed ranges from 0% to 200% of the initia! award
depending on goal achievement over the performance period.

[Performance Share Awards (PSAs) i

[Senior and other key | Entitle the holder to receive, at the end of the performance period, shares of our [As of the grant date [Amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting term into Cost +

Jmanagement common stock (retirees) earned, if any, or an equal value in cash (active colleagues). using the intrinsic _| sales, Selling, informational and administrative expenses, andlor

[Research and development expenses, as appropriate, and adjust
leach reporting period, as necessary, to reflect changes in the pric:
lour common stock, the number of shares that are probable of beir
leamed and management's assessment of the probability that the

specified performance criteria will be achieved.

[Breakthrough Performance Awards (BPAs)

[Select employees [> Enlitle the holder to receive, at the end of the performance period, shares of our
lidentified as common stock, if any, including shares resulting from dividend equivalents earned on
jinstrumental in such shares.

Idelivering medicines
lio patients (excluding
lexecutive officers)

|- For BPAs granted, the awards, if eamedivested, are settled at the end of the
performance period, but no eaitier than the one-year anniversary of the date of grant
and dependent upon the achievement of the respective predetermined performance
‘goals related to advancing Pfizer's product pipeline during the performance period.

The number of shares that may be eamed ranges from 0% to 600% of the target award
depending on the level and timing of goal achievement over the performance period.

[As of the grant date
using the intrinsic
value method using
the closing price of
Jour common stock

2023 Form 10-K

[Amortized on a straightdine basis over the probable vesting term i
Cost of sales, Selling, informational and administrative expenses,
landlor Research and development expenses, as appropriate, and
Jadjusted each reporting period, as necessary, to reflect changes it
the price of our common stock, the number of shares that are
lprobable of being eared and management's assessment of the
probability that the specified performance criteria will be achieved
landior management's assessment of the probable vesting term.


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

‘Awarded to Terms Valuation Recognition and Presentation i
[Stock Options !

[Select employees |» Entile the holder to purchase a specified number of shares of our common stock ata [As of the grant dale [Amortized on a straight-ine basis over the vesting term into Cost «
price per share equal to the closing market price of our common stock on the date of using the Black- sales, Selling, informational and administrative expenses, andlor
grant, for a period of time when vested. Scholes-Merton |Research and development expenses, as appropriate.

|+ Since 2016, only a limited set of non-U.S. employees received stock option grants, No |OPtion-pricing
stock options were awarded to senior and other Key management in any period model
presented.
|+ Stock options vest on the third anniversary of the grant assuming continuous service
from the grant date and have a contractual term of 10 years.
The following provides data related to all TSRU, RSU, PPS, PSA and stock option activity:
(MILLIONS, EXCEPT FAIR VALUE OF
SHARES VESTED PER TSRU AND TSRUs RSUs PPSs PSAs Stock Options
STOCK OPTION)
Year Ended December 31, 20232022 ~~2021_~«~2023~«OaD~—~=CR|~=«CS«iOS ~~ S=«COHSCOS «CO ~=«O SOS ~~~«Oe~C
Total fair value of shares vested™ $0.71] $172 8726 | go09 suas goa | Stig] Gis ~—SSer | Su] ~~? SCS) sean
otal intrinsic value of options exercised j
‘or share units converted $755, $1,131 $504 $250) $280 $228 sz su?
Cash received upon exercise ste] $250
Tax benefits realized from exercise S20 46 Fy
Compensation cost |
recognized/(reduced), pre-tax s2sq sass sas9 | sar, saz zt} sire) stag s535 | 5) 873878 sa
Total compensation cost related to
nonvested awards not yet recognized,
pre-tax $192 81798187) $2tz, $266 271 se) $135 S175 J saz, su8 858 oy 33
Weighted-average period over which .
cost is expected lo be recognized
(years) 47. 17 16 18) 17 18 18 17 on 47. 47

(©) Weighted-average GDFV per TSRUs and stack opt

Total share-based payment expense was $525 million, $872 million and $1.2 billion in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Tax benefit for share-based compensation expense was
$93 million, $160 million and $227 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The table above excludes total expense due to the modification for share-based awards in connection with our cost reduction/productivity initiatives, which was not significant for
years presented and is recorded in Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs (see Note 3). Amounts capitalized as part of inventory cost were not significant for
period presented.

Summary of the weighted-average assumptions used in the valuation of TSRUs and stock options:

TSRUs Stock Options
voor Ended December 3 TH er ei rr ra 3
Expected dividend yield (based on 8 consiont dividend yield during He 380 x1 342% astm 320% 342% 48
Rishsree interest rat (based on interpolate ye on U.S. Treasury 200- 408% 187% 0.93% 403 d 4.93% 12
Expected stock price volatility (based on ile volt, ater naw 2920% 2053% any 292% 25
Bereta penetra ence 5. sar ss 6.0 6.50 ‘

Summary of all TSRU, RSU, PPS and PSA activity during 2023 (with the shares granted representing the maximum award that could be achieved for PPSs and PSAs):

TSRUs RSUs PPSs® PSAs
Per TSRU, Weighted |
TSRUs: Average ‘Shares, ‘Shares Weighted Avg. ‘Shares. Weighted a:
(Trousands) GOFV Grant Price (Thousands) Wegred Ava, pousends) ‘MASE VARLE (Thousands) Ia Va
Nonvested, December 31, 2022 101,693 $ 758 $ 35.26 27,826 $ 38.26 22,322 $ 51.24 5,018 $ St

Granted 26601 7071 4228 10,007 rst

Vested (48,277) 6.08 31.38 (12,330) 37.15 (7,738) 40.78 (1,428) a

Reinvested dividend equivalents 4,195 36.07

Forfeited (2,374) 9.99 40.86 (885) 44.25 (1,112) 36.09 (479) 38,
Nonvested, December 31, 2023 i 77673 $ 9.67 $ 39.92 25,644 $ 40.08 22225 $ 28.79 4734 $ 28,

©) Vested and non-vested shares outstanding, but not paid as of December 31, 2023 were 35.8 milion.


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

‘Summary of TSRU and PTU information as of December 31, 2023):

Weighted-Average
Weighted-Average Remaining
TSRUs PTUs rant Price Contractual Term Aggregate Intrins
(Thousands) (Thousands) Per TSRU (Years) Value™® (Millions
TSRUs Outstanding 163,572 $ 36.83 20°$ 1
TSRUs Vested 85,899 | 34.05 08 1
TSRUs Expected to vest 75,276 $. 39.82 3.2

Outstanding PTUs converted from TSRUs exercised 1,060 06 $

© |n 2023, we settled 38,957,175 TSRUs with a weighted-average grant price of $29.80 per unit

©) In 2023, 1,827,019 TSRUs with a weighted-average grant price of $31.73 per unit were converted into 679,742 PTUs.
(©) Market price of our underlying common stock less exercise price

(© The number of TSRUs expected to vest takes into account an estimate of expected forfeitures.

Summary of all stock option activity during 2023:

Weighted-Average
Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Aggregate
Shares Exercise Price Term Intrinsic Value
(Thousands) (Years) (Millions)

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 35,280 $ 31,47

Granted 635 42.30

Exercised (6,709) 27.47

Forfeited (36) 39.37

Expired (718) 31.25
Outstanding, December 31, 2023 728,452 32.66 17 $
Vested and expected to vest, December 31, 2023” 32.63 17
Exercisable, December 31, 2023 26,667 _$ 32.19 13 $
) Market price of our underlying common stock less exercise price.
© The number of options expected to vest takes into account an estimate of expected forfeitures.
Note 14, Earnings Per Common Share Attributable to Pfizer Inc. Common Shareholders
The following presents the detailed calculation of EPS:

Year Ended December 31,
(IN MILLIONS) 2023 2022 Lg
EPS Numerator i |
Income from continuing operations attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders $ 2,134] $ 31,366 $ 22,4
Discontinued operations—net of tax ] (15), 6 (4:
Net income attributable to Pfizer Inc. common shareholders s 2119! § 31,372 § 21,9
nominator

Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding—Basic | 5,643 5,608 561
‘Common-share equivalents 66 125 1
Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding—Diluted i 5,709 5,733 57
Anti-dilutive common stock equivalents il EI 4

(©) These common stock equivalents were outstanding for the periods presented, but were not included in the computation of diluted EPS for those periods because their inclusion would have had an anti-
diutive effect.

Note 15. Leases

We lease real estate, fleet, and equipment for use in our operations. Our leases generally have lease terms of 1 to 30 years, some of which include options to terminate or extend
leases for up to 5 to 10 years or on a month-to-month basis. We include options that are reasonably certain to be exercised as part of the determination of lease terms. We may
negotiate termination clauses in anticipation of any changes in market conditions, but generally these termination options have not been exercised. Residual value guarantees are
generally not included within our operating leases with the exception of some fleet leases. In addition to base rent payments, the leases may require us to pay directly for taxes ar
other non-lease components, such as insurance, maintenance and other operating expenses, which may be dependent on usage or vary month-to-month. Variable lease paymen
amounted to $444 million in 2023, $536 million in 2022 and $381 million in 2021. We elected the practical expedient to not separate non-lease components from lease componen
in calculating the amounts of ROU assets and lease liabilities for all underlying asset classes.

We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception of the contract and we perform the lease classification test as of the lease commencement date. ROU assets represent ou
right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and
liabilities are recognized at commencement date

2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our estimated incremental borrowing rate based «
the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of future payments.

For operating leases, the ROU assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets follows:

‘As of December 31,
(witLions) Balance Sheet Classification 2023 2
ROU assets ‘Other noncurrent assets. $ 2,924) $ +30
Lease liabilities (short-term) Other current liabilities 527 6
Lease liabilities (long-term) Other noncurrent liabilities | 2,626 25
Components of total lease cost includes:

Year Ended December 31,
(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 20:
Operating lease cost $ 863] § m4 $ 54
Variable lease cost | 444 536 38
Sublease income 24), (32) 4
Total lease cost $ 1,283/ $ 1,218 $ 88
Other supplemental information follows:
‘As of December 31,

(MILLIONS) 2023 2

Operating leases

Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Lease Term (Years) 10.8)
Weighted-Average Discount Rate 3.8% 3.0

Year Ended December 31,
(MILLIONS) - 2023 2022 2
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: .
Operating cash flows from operating leases $ 744) $ 617 $ 3
(Gains)losses on sale and leaseback transactions, net 1 (49), "

The following reconciles the undiscounted cash flows for the first five years and total of the remaining years to the operating lease liabilities recorded in the consolidated balance

sheet as of December 31, 2023:

(MILLIONS)

Period Operating Lease Liabili

‘Next one year®

1-2 years

2:3 years

3-4 years

4-5 years

Thereafter

Total undiscounted lease payments
Less: Imputed interest

Present value of minimum lease payments
Less: Current portion

Noncurrent portion

(©) Reflects lease payments due within 12 months subsequent to the balance sheet date.
Note 16. Contingencies and Certain Commitments

We and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to numerous contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business, including tax and legal contingencies, guarantees and
indemnifications. The following outlines our legal contingencies, guarantees and indemnification. For a discussion of our tax contingencies, see Note 50. :

A. Legal Proceedings

Our legal contingencies include, but are not limited to, the following:

+ Patent litigation, which typically involves challenges to the coverage and/or validity of patents on various products, processes or dosage forms. An adverse outcome could resul
loss of patent protection for a product, a significant loss of revenues from a product or impairment of the value of associated assets. We are the plaintiff in the majority of these
actions,

Pfizer in “2023 Form 10-K


uojes0ge|}09 4no Jo yonpoud e 40) s}onpoid payeysew sNo Jo 2UO J] ‘SANIANIe sEWO 40 jeroseWLLOD
> Aq sjuajed sj Jo JUaWeBUUJU! pabeIIe 40) aJesuadwOd o} jalj@s @AgoUNtul Joypue seBewep yeas Samed pully es0W JO ALO YoIYA 0} JUENsund UOReBNY JUa}ed 0} JoRIgGNs OS|e Bue OM

“hyekos @ sn fed 0) pasinbes eq

Sus Joyeduiod e Jo ayJeW a4) BuE|VE WO Parqi4osd aq YS ‘paroidde J! ‘eUIDDEA s Jo\jadulod e ‘peBULJU! PUB pIIeA PUNO) axe sjuE}ed op Jo AUE Jey) LUAAE OMY UI ‘paledionuE
‘uey) JalLe9 aoe|djeyiew a4) JayUa o} ‘pancidde J! ‘seuloseA ioyjadwod feUORIppe moje AjjenUBIOd pind oljo}UOd eoo0D0WINeUd Jno UI sjua}ed ay) Jo Aue Jo UONePIEAU! ay,

“1 8) apisino se |jam se '2oWJO YeWApes| PUe TUaIeg "S'N a UI sGUIpaadoud majnas yUesB-IS0d pue maiAel SaLEd J9]U! UI paBual|eyD Uae @AeY O1JO;N0d au!DveA |eodo.0WNaUd
Ano Ul! Sjua}ed au) JO je1@A@s ‘ajdwiexe 40.4 “sjonpoud Bunsixa sno Jo sajes jo UoIsoNa oy) UI BunInsad Jaye ay) CVU! P2oNpONU aq PINoD sjonpo1d ennnedwod 40 94BUaB
‘sBuypaecoid yons Aq pijeau! aq 0} puno, s} (sjuaed s,;eued Bu!su@dijuonesogel}0o sno Jo @uo 40) s}ua}ed INO Jo BUD 1 ‘Os|Y ‘sn Aq parent SIYB1W YoNs 0} saBua|eyo BuIpnjour
‘s1ayjo jo sjyBu Ayadosd jenyoayaqut ey) 40 Auadosd jenjoa}}aWU! sno 0} Bunejes SBulpeedoud nod se jJam Se ‘syedJayUNCD UBI2J0} sBU}O JO ‘BOO Ware UeadosNg ey ‘2ONIO
sUeWAPEL| PUL JUSIed “S'N a4) 210}aq ‘sBulpeed01d UON!Soddo 10 UONeUIWIEXa-a4 ‘ma!nas JUEIE-ISOd 'MaIAaJ Sayed Ja]U! Se YoNs ‘SBuIP|E00/d JBUIO UI Pan|OAU! UAYO 21 OSIE AAA
“Aqua queuaé jo

Jap Bulsneo AjpaBae 404 sn wos soBewep Burjees ae seiied Jeujo 40 sjuawuserd6 ‘siofed ‘ssesnjoejnuew Grup dueue6 YoIym 0} JUENSuNd sUONoIpsun! snoUeA UI syns sabeWeP
quajed 0} Ayed osje a1e ay “suojesado Jo Synse2 sno UO Jaye asIAApe [eUA}EW e BAY PiNoD S/oyeLU SEY) UI SUOISIOEP eSJaNpY “asNINy BY) UI SUONOIPSUN| Jo4IO UI YeLNO!

due sn ysuleBe paly aq Aew syuajed AjeulwoD Bulnjonu! seBvaljeus jeuonippy ‘sjuayed ueadoing pesidxeun pue pasidxa uleyeo pue sjuared japow Ayinn UeWED UIeUEd seBULNU!
Aeumwod yey) BuiBayje Nog jeuo!Gay UeULeD ey) UI SeueIpIsgns sy Jo UIEYso pUE YOa NoIg IsUIeBe UONDe juaWeBULyL! UeIed e YBnosg (9eAeIND) OY 2eABIND 'Zz0z Ainr UI
\y ‘Suoj}o!pSun! Jeyjo u! Bulpuad aie saBualjeyo [euonippy ‘!eadde 0} uoIssied S,SWa pesnjes Nog awoudng eUY ‘€ZOZ 4940120 UI pue jeadde S,SWg Pass|Uisip jeaddy jo UNoD
‘uy ‘€z0z ABW UI “9Z0z U! ax1dxe 0} anp sinbi13 0} payejad jared SW e PleAU! GuIpUy jLOWBpN! e panssi yNoD YBIH *W'N eu) '2ZOZ Udy UI ‘e|dweXe 304 “suonoIpsUN! “s‘n-vOU U}
\6u Juayed 1184) Jo AUpIeA ayy 0) saBua/jeyo ade} sseupeEd BuIsuadl] JO UOWeJOGeIIOD JNO Jo eWOS “sUONDIPSUN| JayjO SNOUeA UI pabualeys Bulag aie siauyed Bulsuad}juoHeIoge||OI
) JO BOY) JO S}oNpoid INO jo uleYad 0} syyBu yUa}ed 'Mojeq Passnosip aie yey) suajed “S"f) ay) 0} SaBuayeyo a4) 0} VONIPPE Uj “sMe} |SMUUE JO SUONEIOIA JO/pue UONedWOD sIeJUN
ygsuoo sjonpoid uJeuae 0} oadsai WIM S}YBu jUa}ed ‘aoJ0jUa O} s|dWOYe JO ‘Jo SUOMPeSSe Ano Jey BuIBalle paly UBEq Brey ‘suoNoe JUapUadepul SNOUEA se jjom Se 'sWEPYE]UNCD
‘osty JeimoeinueWw Grup oueUab ay) Jo Yonposd oy) J9A0O JOU Op JO/PUE pllenul ase SwUO} BBeSOp Jo Sesseoosd “(ued e 8q Jou Aew Jo Aew OM UDIYM 0} PU s]YBu UoHOWOd

1 40 Sesuao|] aney am YoIyM 0} Siaued BuIsuad!/UOReJOGE|IO INO Jo @soY) JO) Sjonpod sno Buanco sjuejed yey) SueiMJejnueW Brup ouauab Aq SWE! aoe eA “MOjeq Passnosip
Sou) ‘O} pay! Jou 3nq Bulpnpou! '(s}yBu UooWo/d-09 40 SesuadI] eAeY OM YOIYM 0} Saud BuISUEDI/UOHeIOGEIIOD 4NO Jo BSOUY} JO) sjUB}ed Jno 0} BuNe|e4 SUNS UI PAAOAU! Ae EM

TOYEBITT WHE J—SOUPSSIOI, [EOS] TY

“ejowias si pansooe
Sjunowe Jo ss20xe U! sso} 2Iq/Ssod jo pooyljor| ou} JEM SeAatjag joWaBeLEW YOUR esoY) epnjoU! Mojeq Passnosip senew ou} Jo EWIOS “ans! ye (s)jUa}ed a4) Aq payoa}o1d
Jonpoud ay) Jo aduEdy!UBIs jeIUeUY aly ‘SBUILY JeYIO BUOWE ‘1apIsUCO OM ‘yAUIE|d Ouy QUE Om YOIYM UI sBHELL WUa}ed 0} Dadsad YIM ‘UORIPPE UI “JOHEW oy) UI! SesejU! O1IGnd

Jo 1wayxe ey) pue ‘uoneyndas uno Uo Buipeadoid ay) Jo JOedWs jeqUEIOd eu) “epeas ay) 0} BIGEIIERE S| Jey) UONEULJO}U ax JO [Ie Jo 146 UI! SjUEWATEIS je/DUEUY no ynoge ywawiBpnt
3gapees & eBueYD ]YBIW aunsojosip sayjaym Bulpnjou! ‘s|UEWEre)S [e!OUEUY JNO Jo speed & o} JUELOdUL! aq Pinom UONDe au} Jo esNSOPSIP Jeuje4M ‘sBuIpesdoud JeNWIS UI PeY @AeY
Uedwoo Jayjo ‘eBpeymouy sno 0} 'J0 om yey eoUaLiadxe Aue !UO}}e6N|| JOUISIPRINW O} passeJSUEN} UBeEq OAeY SUONIe payejel JeYJoYM ‘BuIpUed s! BuIpeedoid oY) YOIYM UI UORDIPsUN!
‘ayy “un0d Bu Aq Paylsed eq jim SSEIO e JE POOY!EX Oy) JO MaIA sno ‘pey!e0 JOU J! ‘pu UONE SSE; B'S! 10 '9q Oo} sodind UOHIe ou) JYToYM ‘sasuajep INO Jo YIBUEAS OY)

UE SWIE}D ay) Jo S|UAW aly Jo MAIA sNO ‘payloads 4! “}4BNos Jaljas Jojo Jo BIN}EU aly pUE SeGeWEp Jo uNOWE ayy ‘siayjo BuOWE ‘se Yons ‘A|eUaEW Ssasse O} S10}9B} aaqEeNDd
pue anjeynuenb yjog Japisuco am anew jediouud e st sayew Buipued e sway BulUIWUo}ap Ul “mojaq passnosip aue Ayed e aie em YoY 0} SuaHeW Bulpuad jediouud uy

“suonoues A1ejauow jeyuawwsarcB
Noe Jo [enua}od U! VON 1g Jo PJOYsez~p aunsojsip e pajdope arey om ‘Ayed e S! A\WOYINe je}UEWJEAOB e YOIYM 0} SMe} Je]UEWUOUAUA JepUN sBuIPsad0ud 10.4 “suoNduNsse pue
‘yews Uo Ayreay Ajai UBD PUP SeMUIEYEOUN PUE S]UEAe ain}ny jNoge sjuEWiBpN| Jo SauEs xejduIoD e WO NSE ued Se!DUeBUNUOD jeJUaWUOsIAUE Pu Jeb2| 40} papsodes sjunoWy
“suondwinsse pue seyewnse esouy eBueyo
01 sn asneo jyBIw Jey) nooo Kew Seoue|swnosI9 pue sjUara paredionueUN pue “@jeunoDeU! 10 @ja;duODU! aq 0} enoud AewL JEU) ING "UaWeBeUeW kq e|qeUOSeas pawiaep Us=q
aney Jey) Suodunsse PUe Sa}eWNSE UO peseg e1e ‘salJUIeW2OUN pue s]uand aunjny Jnoge sjuaLUBpnt Jo SeuEs xe|dusOD e Woy }INSeI YOIYM ‘s|LWSSESsE INO “panuooe sjunowe
3890X8 U! SSO} 81qISsod AjqeUOsead Jo aBueJ a4) aJeW!)Se 0} aqeUN ede aM ‘ANUaNbasuod *xojdLWOo aq UeD SSO} AU Jo }UBWAINSEEW OU} JO/PUE SSO} & JO POOY!jor!| a4) BuIUIUE}ep
“elojav0yy ‘pue sanuleyeoun yueDy!UIs 0} 129/gns aie se!uaBUNLOD no Jo je AtjenUEISANE “aiqeWNse A\qeUOSeD, PUR aiqeqold YjOq ale JEU SESSO} J0) Paruo9e @AeY BAA
pied
10 panuooe aye sjuNoWe ay) YoIyM UI pouad ay) UI SMoY YSeD JNO JO/pUe SUONe/ado Jo SyINsaJ JNO UO eye @SIBAPE [eUSIEW e BABY PINCD YDIYM ‘siazeU Jo awOO|NO ayy BulpeBaL
sone}adxe sno asinad Jo sjuawa]yas OjU! 12108 ‘sjuewWEPn! snou! Pinos aM ‘eAeMOH “UON|SOd [E!OUELY INO UO aye asJeApe [eUE}EW e BAY IM SIaWEW Bs9y) JO AUE JEU) EAatjog
4. 0p @M sno00 Op SjoIpJen @Alssaoxe pue aqeioipaidun AjuaJeyU! s! UONeBNY Inq ‘TeNUEISGNs ave JUepUajap e EJe BM YOIYM UI SJO}eW UI SesUBJOp PUE SWIEPD Jno Jey) enaljeq OM
“saBreyp jes
due “JeqUeISqns 9q pinoo YoIUM ‘san|eued |!A19 4O/pUE sauY ‘s}UALUAed AyJeAos ‘s@BeWeP BuIpNoU! ‘sesso} Jo/pUE Sasuadxe pasea.oU! UI YNSa! Pinco Se;oUBBUUOD esey) Jo UIEVED,
“suoqoipsun! seyto
1 pur “s'n ey) U! Sefouebe juawUseno6 je00) pue e1e)S ‘jeUOHeU Aq sa!ueduiod jeonnaseUEYd Jo UONe|NBad aAISUE}Xe Bly 0} PE|Eje/ 8Je UaYO YOIYM ‘SUONEENSAAU! JUBWWEALD +
“senew 0} ayeW WOY) LEA WHA JEU) SeI}rxa|dWOD aAjoAut UeD pUe ‘sGuIpeesoid puE SUUIe}D jejUaWUOUIAUA pu sWHIE|D
gud-yonposd pue paejel-uojoWo,d-o9 40 -uoResoge}|09 ‘-Ayadoud jenyDa|jaqu! -BuIsued}| ‘-UoN!sinboe apnjouy UeD YoIYM *s!aYeW PaPassEUN Jo Payasse seo pue |eseWWOD «
“ssoyew s8yjo pue Aun{u! aiqenoid ‘yenyoe ‘sGuipuy pue eouapie
oyqualos ‘sBulweMm esoyy uo eouerjas pue sBulusem jaqe| ‘oHesneD eo1paw o} Buyela1 sans! xojdwod A\YB1Y SeAjOAUI Yayo Pue ‘s1eYjo BuoW ‘swWIE}O JeUOD Jo YreaIq
Je ysnaque "sequnces ‘uonowoud jeqe}-yo “Jewnsucd ‘Aunful feuosied apnjou! UeD YoILM ‘sJaNposd JAUNO} JO UAJIND o} Payeje/ UONEBM!| Payeje/-onposd soyjo puE AyIge!| YONpold +

sajuedwiog Aieipisqns pue “Ou 402i
syuaWa}e}g JeEINUeU!y payepl|OSUOD 0} SA}ON

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

licensing partners to which we have licenses or co-promotion rights) is found to infringe valid patent rights of a third party, such third party may be awarded significant damages or
royalty payments, or we may be prevented from further sales of that product. Such damages may be enhanced as much as three-fold if we or one of our subsidiaries is found to
have willfully infringed valid patent rights of a third party.

Actions In Which We Are The Plaintiff

Xeljanz (tofacitinib)
Beginning in 2017, we brought patent-infringement actions against several generic manufacturers that filed separate abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs) with the FDA
seeking approval to market their generic versions of tofacitinib tablets in one or both of 5 mg and 10 mg dosage strengths, and in both immediate and extended release forms. To
date, we have settled actions with several manufacturers on terms not material to us. The remaining actions continue in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware as
described below.

In October 2021, we brought a separate patent-infringement action against Sinotherapeutics Inc. (Sinotherapeutics) asserting the infringement and validity of our patent covering
extended release formulations of tofacilinib that was challenged by Sinotherapeutics in its ANDA seeking approval to market a generic version of tofacitinib 11 mg extended relea
tablets. In November 2022, we filed an additional patent-infringement action against Sinotherapeutics relating to its challenge of our extended release formulation and method of
treatment patents in its ANDA seeking approval to market a generic version of tofacitinib 22 mg extended release tablets.

In June 2023, we brought a patent-infringement action against Aurobindo Pharma Limited and Aurobindo Pharma USA, Inc. (collectively Aurobindo) asserting the infringement ant
validity of our basic compound patent, in connection with Aurobindo's ANDA seeking approval to market a generic version of tofacitinib 11 mg extended release tablets. In Decem!
2023, we reached a settlement agreement with Aurobindo on terms not material to the Company.

Ibrance (palbociclib)

Beginning in January 2021, several generic companies notified us that they had filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market generic versions of Ibrance tablets. We hav
settled with one of these generic companies on terms not material to us, and have dismissed the patent infringement actions against all other generic companies except for the
action against Synthon Pharmaceuticals Inc. and its affiliated entities (collectively, Synthon), in which we have asserted the infringement and validity of the composition of matter
patent, expiring in 2027. In December 2023, we reached a settlement agreement with Synthon on terms not material to the Company.

Mektovi (binimetinib)
Beginning in August 2022, several generic companies notified us that they had filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market generic versions of Mektovi. The companies
assert the invalidity and non-infringement of two method of use patents expiring in 2030, a method of use patent expiring in 2031, two method of use patents expiring in 2033, anc
product by process patent expiring in 2033. Beginning in September 2022, we brought patent infringement actions against the generic filers in the U.S. District Court for the Distric
of Delaware, asserting the validity and infringement of all six patents.

In August 2022 we received notice from Teva Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Teva) that it had filed an ANDA seeking approval to market a generic version of Mektovi. Teva asserts the
invalidity and non-infringement of two method of use patents expiring in 2033 and a product by process patent expiring in 2033. In June 2023, we brought a patent infringement
action against Teva in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, asserting the validity and infringement of the three patents.

Vyndagel-Vyndamax(tafamidis/tafamidis meglumine)

Beginning in June 2023, several generic companies notified us that they had filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to market generic versions of tafamidis capsules (61 mg
tafamidis meglumine capsules (20 mg), challenging some or all of the patents listed in the FDA's Orange Book for Vyndamax (tafamidis) and Vyndagel (tafamidis meglumit
Scripps Research Institute (Scripps) owns the composition of matter patent and the method of treatment patents covering the products, and Pfizer is the exclusive licensee. Pf
separately owns the crystalline form patent. Beginning in August 2023, we and Scripps brought patent infringement actions against the generic filers in the U.S. District Court for
District of Delaware, asserting the validity and infringement of the patents in suit. Pfizer is the sole plaintiff in actions that assert only the infringement and validity of the crystal
form patent.

Actions in Which We are the Defendant

Comirnaty
In March 2022, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Alnylam) filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against Pfizer and Pharmacia & Upjohn Company
LLC, our wholly owned subsidiary, alleging that Comimnaty infringes a U.S. patent issued in February 2022, and seeking unspecified monetary damages. In July 2022, Alnylam file
second complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against Pfizer, Pharmacia & Upjohn Company LLC, BioNTech and BioNTech Manufacturing GmbH, allegine
that Comirnaty infringes a U.S. patent issued in July 2022, and seeking unspecified monetary damages. In May 2023, Ainylam filed a separate complaint in the U.S. District Court
the District of Delaware against Pfizer and Pharmacia & Upjohn Company LLC alleging that Comimaty infringes four additional U.S. patents issued on various dates in 2023 and
seeking unspecified monetary damages.

In August 2022, ModernaTX, Inc. (ModernaTX) and Moderna US, Inc. (Moderna) sued Pfizer, BioNTech, BioNTech Manufacturing GmbH and BioNTech US Inc. in the U.S. Distric
Court for the District of Massachusetts, alleging that Comimaty infringes three U.S. patents. In its complaint, Moderna stated that it is seeking damages for alleged infringement

occurring after March 7, 2022.

In August 2022, ModernaTX filed a patent infringement action in Germany against Pfizer and certain subsidiary companies, as well as BioNTech and certain subsidiary companies
alleging that Comimaty infringes two European patents. The German infringement action was stayed in December 2023 pending further action from the European Patent Office o1
the patents at issue. In September 2022, ModernaTX filed patent infringement actions in the U.K. and in the Netherlands against Pfizer and certain subsidiary companies, as well
BioNTech and certain subsidiary companies, on the same two European patents. In its complaints, ModemnaTX stated that it is seeking damages for alleged infringement occurrin
after March 7, 2022. In the U.K., Pfizer and BioNTech brought an action against ModernaTX seeking to revoke these two European patents, which was consolidated with the
September 2022 action filed by ModemaTX. In November 2023, one of the European patents was revoked by the European Patent Office. In December 2023, the other Europear
patent was declared invalid by a court in the


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

Netherlands (the invalidity decision is limited to the Netherlands). ModemaTX has also filed additional patent infringement actions against Pfizer and BioNTech in certain other ex-
U.S. jurisdictions.

In April 2023, Arbutus Biopharma Corporation (Arbutus) and Genevant Sciences GmbH (Genevant) filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey agains
Pfizer and BioNTech alleging that Comirnaty and its manufacture infringe five U.S. patents, and seeking unspecified monetary damages.

Paxlovid
In June 2022, Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts against Pfizer alleging that the active ingredient in Paxlovic
nirmatrelvir, infringes a U.S. patent issued in June 2022, and seeking unspecified monetary damages.

Abrysvo
In August 2023, GlaxoSmithKline Biologics SA and GlaxoSmithKline LLC (collectively, GSK Group) filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against
Pfizer alleging that the active ingredient in Abrysvo infringes four U.S. patents. The complaint seeks unspecified monetary damages and a permanent injunction against sales of
‘Abrysvo for use in adults over 60 years of age. In November 2023, GSK Group amended its complaint to assert infringement of two additional patents. In addition, we have
challenged certain of GSk's RSV vaccine patents in certain ex-U.S. jurisdictions, including the U.K., the Netherlands and Belgium, and GSK has asserted that Abrysvo infringes
these patents.

Matters Involving Pfizer and its Collabor:

jon/Licensing Partners

Comirnaty
In July 2022, Pfizer, BioNTech and BioNTech Manufacturing GmbH filed a declaratory judgment complaint against CureVac in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachus«

seeking a judgment of non-infringement for three U.S. patents relating to Comimaty. In May 2023, the case was transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
Virginia. Also in May 2023, CureVac asserted that Comimaty infringes the three patents that were the subject of our declaratory judgment complaint, and in May and July 2023,
CureVac asserted that Comimaty infringes a number of additional U.S. patents.

In the U.K., Pfizer and BioNTech have sued CureVac seeking a judgment of invalidity of several patents and CureVac has made certain infringement counterclaims.
A2, Legal Proceedings—Product Litigation

We are defendants in numerous cases, including but not limited to those discussed below, related to our pharmaceutical and other products. Plaintiffs in these cases seek dama
and other relief on various grounds for alleged personal injury and economic loss.

Asbestos

Between 1967 and 1982, Warner-Lambert owned American Optical Corporation (American Optical), which manufactured and sold respiratory protective devices and asbestos saf
clothing. In connection with the sale of American Optical in 1982, Warner-Lambert agreed to indemnity the purchaser for certain liabilities, including certain asbestos-related and
other claims. Warner-Lambert was acquired by Pfizer in 2000 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Pfizer. Wamer-Lambert is actively engaged in the defense of, and will continue |
explore various means of resolving, these claims.

Numerous lawsuits against American Oplical, Pfizer and certain of its previously owned subsidiaries are pending in various federal and state courts seeking damages for alleged
personal injury from exposure to products allegedly containing asbestos and other allegedly hazardous materials sold by Pfizer and certain of its previously owned subsidiaries.

There also are a small number of lawsuits pending in various federal and state courts seeking damages for alleged exposure to asbestos in facilities owned or formerly owned by
Pfizer or its subsidiaries.

Effexor

Beginning in 2011, actions, including purported class actions, were filed in various federal courts against Wyeth and, in certain of the actions, affiliates of Wyeth and certain other
defendants relating to Effexor XR, which is the extended-release formulation of Effexor. The plaintiffs in each of the class actions seek to represent a class consisting of all person
in the U.S. and its territories who directly purchased, indirectly purchased or reimbursed patients for the purchase of Effexor XR or generic Effexor XR from any of the defendants.
from June 14, 2008 until the time the defendants’ allegedly unlawful conduct ceased. The plaintiffs in all of the actions allege delay in the launch of generic Effexor XR in the U.S.
and its territories, in violation of federal antitrust laws and, in certain of the actions, the antitrust, consumer protection and various other laws of certain states, as the result of Wye
fraudulently obtaining and improperly listing certain patents for Effexor XR in the Orange Book, enforcing certain patents for Effexor XR and entering into a litigation settlement
agreement with a generic drug manufacturer with respect to Effexor XR. Each of the plaintiffs seeks treble damages (for itself in the individual actions or on behalf of the putative
class in the purported class actions) for alleged price overcharges for Effexor XR or generic Effexor XR in the U.S. and its territories since June 14, 2008. All of these actions have
been consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey.

In 2014, the District Court dismissed the direct purchaser plaintiffs’ claims based on the litigation settlement agreement, but declined to dismiss the other direct purchaser plaintiff
claims. in 2015, the District Court entered partial final judgments as to all settlement agreement claims, including those asserted by direct purchasers and end-payor plaintiffs, whi
plaintiffs appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. In 2017, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit reversed the District Court's decisions and remanded t!
aims to the District Court.

Lipitor

Beginning in 2011, purported class actions relating to Lipitor were filed in various federal courts against, among others, Pfizer, certain Pfizer affiliates, and, in most of the actions,
Ranbaxy Laboratories Limited (Ranbaxy) and certain Ranbaxy affiliates. The plaintiffs in these various actions seek to represent nationwide, multi-state or statewide classes
consisting of persons or entities who directly purchased, indirectly purchased or reimbursed patients for the purchase of Lipitor (or, in certain of the actions, generic Lipitor) from a
of the defendants from March 2010 until the cessation of the defendants’ allegedly unlawful conduct (the Class Period). The plaintiffs allege delay in the launch of generic Lipitor, i
violation of federal antitrust laws and/or state antitrust, consumer protection and various other laws, resulting from (i) the


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

2008 agreement pursuant to which Pfizer and Ranbaxy settled certain patent tigation involving Lipitor and Pfizer granted Ranbaxy a license to sell a generic version of Lipitor in
various markets beginning on varying dates, and (ii) in certain of the actions, the procurement and/or enforcement of certain patents for Lipitor. Each of the actions seeks, among
other things, treble damages on behalf of the putative class for alleged price overcharges for Lipitor (or, in certain of the actions, generic Lipitor) during the Class Period. In additic
individual actions have been filed against Pfizer, Ranbaxy and certain of their affiliates, among others, that assert claims and seek relief for the plaintiffs that are substantially simil
to the claims asserted and the relief sought in the purported class actions described above. These various actions have been consolidated for pre-trial proceedings in a MDL in thy
U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey.

In September 2013 and 2014, the District Court dismissed with prejudice the claims of the direct purchasers. In October and November 2014, the District Court dismissed with
Prejudice the claims of all other MDL plaintiffs. All plaintiffs appealed the District Court's orders dismissing their claims with prejudice to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circ
In addition, the direct purchaser class plaintiffs appealed the order denying their motion to amend the judgment and for leave to amend their complaint to the Court of Appeals. In
2017, the Court of Appeals reversed the District Court's decisions and remanded the claims to the District Court.

Also, in 2013, the State of West Virginia filed an action in West Virginia state court against Pfizer and Ranbaxy, among others, that asserts claims and seeks relief on behalf of the
State of West Virginia and residents of that state that are substantially similar to the claims asserted and the relief sought in the purported class actions described above.

EpiPen (Direct Purchaser)
In February 2020, a lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas against Pfizer, its current and former affiliates King and Meridian, and various Mylan entitie
on behalf of a purported U.S. nationwide class of direct purchaser plaintiffs who purchased EpiPen devices directly from the defendants. Plaintiffs in this action generally allege th,
Pfizer and Mylan conspired to delay market entry of generic EpiPen through the settlement of patent litigation regarding EpiPen, and thereby delayed market entry of generic EpiF
in violation of federal antitrust law. Plaintiffs seek treble damages for alleged overcharges for EpiPen since 2011. In July 2021, the District Court granted defendants’ mation to
dismiss the direct purchaser complaint, without prejudice. in September 2021, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, In August 2022, the District Court granted Pfizer's motion to
dismiss the complaint, and plaintiffs appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. In October 2023, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation on terms
not material to Pfizer. The settlement is subject to court approval.

Docetaxel
+ Personal injury Actions
Anumber of lawsuits have been filed against Hospira and Pfizer in various federal and state courts alleging that plaintiffs who were treated with Docetaxel developed permanent

loss. The significant majority of the cases also name other defendants, including the manufacturer of the branded product, Taxotere. Plaintiffs seek compensatory and punitive
damages. Additional lawsuits have been filed in which plaintiffs allege they developed blocked tear ducts following their treatment with Docetaxel.

In 2016, the federal cases were transferred for coordinated pre-trial proceedings to a MDL in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. In 2022, the eye injury ca:
were transferred for coordinated pre-trial proceedings to a MDL in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana.

+ Mississippi Attorney General Government Action

In 2018, the Attorney General of Mississippi filed a complaint in Mississippi state court against the manufacturer of the branded product and eight other manufacturers including
Pfizer and Hospira, alleging, with respect to Pfizer and Hospira, a failure to warn about a risk of permanent hair loss in violation of the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act. The
action seeks civil penalties and injunctive relief.

Zantac

‘Anumber of lawsuits have been filed against Pfizer in various federal and state courts alleging that plaintiffs developed various types of cancer, or face an increased risk of
developing cancer, purportedly as a result of the ingestion of Zantac. The significant majority of these cases also name other defendants that have historically manufactured and/c
sold Zantac. Pfizer has not sold Zantac since 2006, and only sold an OTC version of the product. In 2006, Pfizer sold the consumer business that included its Zantac OTC rights t
Johnson & Johnson and transferred the assets and liabilities related to Zantac OTC to Johnson & Johnson in connection with the sale. Plaintiffs in these cases seek compensator
and punitive damages.

In February 2020, the federal actions were transferred for coordinated pre-trial proceedings to a MOL in the U.S. District Court for the Souther District of Florida (the Federal MOI
Court). Plaintiffs in the MDL filed against Pfizer and many other defendants a master personal injury complaint, a consolidated consumer class action complaint alleging, among
other things, claims under consumer protection statutes of all 50 states, and a medical monitoring complaint seeking to certify medical monitoring classes under the laws of 13
states. In December 2022, the Federal MDL Court granted defendants’ Daubert motions to exclude plaintiffs’ expert testimony and motion for summary judgment on general
causation, which has resulted in the dismissal of all complaints in the litigation. Plaintiffs have appealed the Federal MDL Court's rulings.

In addition, (i) Pfizer has received service of Canadian class action complaints naming Pfizer and other defendants, and seeking compensatory and punitive damages for persone
injury and economic loss, allegedly arising from the defendants’ sate of Zantac in Canada; and (ii) the State of New Mexico and the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore separate!
filed civil actions against Pfizer and many other defendants in stale courts, alleging various state statutory and common law claims in connection with the defendants’ alleged sale
Zantac in those jurisdictions. In April 2021, a Judicial Council Coordinated Proceeding was created in the Superior Court of California in Alameda County to coordinate personal
injury actions against Pfizer and other defendants filed in California state court. Coordinated proceedings have also been created in other state courts. The large majority of the st
court cases have been filed in the Superior Court of Delaware in New Castle County.

Many of these Zantac-related cases have been outstanding for a number of years and could take many more years to resolve. From time to time, Pfizer has explored and will
continue to explore opportunistic settlements of these matters.

2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

Chantix

Beginning in August 2021, a number of putative class actions have been filed against Pfizer in various U.S. federal courts following Pfizer's voluntary recall of Chantix due to the
presence of a nitrosamine, N-nitroso-varenicline. Plaintiffs assert that they suffered economic harm purportedly as a result of purchasing Chantix or generic varenicline medicines
sold by Pfizer. Plaintiffs seek to represent nationwide and state-specific classes and seek various remedies, including damages and medical monitoring. in December 2022, the
federal actions were transferred for coordinated pre-trial proceedings to a MDL in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, Similar putative class actions have
been filed in Canada and Israel, where the product brand is Champix.

A3. Legal Proceedings—Commercial and Other Matters

Monsanto-Related Matters
In 1997, Monsanto Company (Former Monsanto) contributed certain chemical manufacturing operations and facilities to a newly formed corporation, Solutia Inc. (Solutia), and spr
off the shares of Solutia. In 2000, Former Monsanto merged with Pharmacia & Upjohn Company to form Pharmacia. Pharmacia then transferred its agricultural operations to ane
created subsidiary, named Monsanto Company (New Monsanto), which it spun off in a two-stage process that was completed in 2002. Pharmacia was acquired by Pfizer in 2003,
and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Pfizer.

In connection with its spin-off that was completed in 2002, New Monsanto assumed, and agreed to indemnify Pharmacia for, any liabilities related to Pharmacia's former agricultut
business. New Monsanto has defended and/or is defending Pharmacia in connection with various claims and litigation arising out of, or related to, the agricultural business, and h
been indemnifying Pharmacia when liability has been imposed or settlement has been reached regarding such claims and litigation.

In connection with its spin-off in 1997, Solutia assumed, and agreed to indemnify Pharmacia for, liabilities related to Former Monsanto's chemical businesses. As the result of its
reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, Solutia's indemnification obligations relating to Former Monsanto's chemical businesses are primarily limited to site
that Solutia has owned or operated. In addition, in connection with its spin-off that was completed in 2002, New Monsanto assumed, and agreed to indemnify Pharmacia for, any
liabilities primarily related to Former Monsanto's chemical businesses, including, but not limited to, any such liabilities that Solutia assumed. Solutia's and New Monsanto's
assumption of, and agreement to indemnify Pharmacia for, these liabilities apply to pending actions and any future actions related to Former Monsanto's chemical businesses in
which Pharmacia is named as a defendant, including, without limitation, actions asserting environmental claims, including alleged exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls. Solutia
and/or New Monsanto are defending Pharmacia in connection with various claims and litigation arising out of, or related to, Former Monsanto's chemical businesses, and have be
indemnifying Pharmacia when liability has been imposed or settlement has been reached regarding such claims and litigation.

Environmental Matters

In 2009, as part of our acquisition of Wyeth, we assumed responsibility for environmental remediation at the Wyeth Holdings LLC (formerly known as Wyeth Holdings Corporation
and American Cyanamid Company) discontinued industrial chemical facility in Bound Brook, New Jersey. Since thal time, we have executed or have become a party to a number
administrative settlement agreements, orders on consent, and/or judicial consent decrees, with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the New Jersey Department of
Environmental Protection and/or federal and state natural resource trustees to perform remedial design, removal and remedial actions, and related environmental remediation
activities, and to resolve alleged damages to natural resources, at the Bound Brook facility. We have accrued for the currently estimated costs of these activities.

We are also party to a number of other proceedings brought under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, and othe
state, local or foreign laws in which the primary relief sought is the cost of past and/or future remediation.

Contracts with Iraqi Ministry of Health

In 2017, a number of U.S. service members, civilians, and their families brought a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia against a number of pharmaceuti
and medical devices companies, including Pfizer and certain of its subsidiaries, alleging that the defendants violated the U.S. Anti-Terrorism Act. The complaint alleges that the
defendants provided funding for terrorist organizations through their sales practices pursuant to pharmaceutical and medical device contracts with the Iraqi Ministry of Health, and
seeks monetary relief. In July 2020, the District Court granted defendants’ motions to dismiss and dismissed all of plaintiffs’ claims. in January 2022, the Court of Appeals reverse:
the District Court's decision. In February 2022, the defendants filed for en banc review of the Court of Appeals’ decision. In February 2023, the Court of Appeals denied defendant
en banc petitions.

Allergan Complaint for Indemnity
In 2019, Pfizer was named as a defendant in a complaint, along with King, filed by Allergan Finance LLC (Allergan) in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, asserting clairt
‘for indemnity related to Kadian, which was owned for a short period by King in 2008, prior to Pfizer's acquisition of King in 2010. This suit was voluntarily discontinued without
prejudice in January 2021.

Viatris Securities Litigation

In October 2021, a putative class action was filed in the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania on behalf of former Mylan N.V. shareholders who received
Viatris common stock in exchange for Mylan shares in connection with the spin-off of the Upjohn Business and its combination with Mylan (the Transactions). Viattis, Pfizer, and
certain of each company's current and former officers, directors and employees are named as defendants. An amended complaint was filed in January 2023, and alleges that the
defendants violated certain provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 in connection with certain disclosures made in or omitted from the registration statement and related prospect.
issued in connection with the Transactions, as well as related communications. Plaintiff seeks damages, costs and expenses and other equitable and injunctive relief. In Novembe
2023, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation on terms not material to Pfizer. The settlement is subject to court approval.

Breach of Contract - Comirnaty
In 2023, Pfizer and BioNTech Manufacturing GmbH initiated separate formal proceedings against the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Romania and Hungary in Belgium's Cou
of First Instance of Brussels. Pfizer and BioNTech are seeking an order from the Court holding those countries to their commitments for COVID-19 vaccine orders, which were
placed as part of their contracts signed in 2021.

Pfizer Inc.; 2023 Form 10-K j100


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

\4. Legal Pr lings—Government Investigations
We are subject to extensive regulation by government agencies in the U.S., other developed markets and multiple emerging markets in which we operate. Criminal charges,
substantial fines and/or civil penalties, limitations on our ability to conduct business in applicable jurisdictions, corporate integrity or deferred prosecution agreements, as well as
reputational harm and increased public interest in the matter could result from government investigations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we do business. These matte!
often involve government requests for information on a voluntary basis or through subpoenas after which the government may seek additional information through follow-up reque
or additional subpoenas. In addition, in a qui tam lawsuit in which the government declines to intervene, the relator may still pursue a suit for the recovery of civil damages and
penalties on behaif of the government. Among the investigations by government agencies are the matters discussed below.
Greenstone Investigations.
+ U.S, Department of Justice Antitrust Division Investigation
Since July 2017, the U.S. Department of Justice's Antitrust Division has been investigating our former Greenstone generics business. We believe this is related to an ongoing
broader antitrust investigation of the generic pharmaceutical industry. We have produced records relating to this investigation.
+ State Attorneys General and Multi-District Generics Antitrust Litigation
In April 2018, Greenstone received requests for information from the Antitrust Department of the Connecticut Office of the Attorney General. In May 2019, Attorneys General of mc
than 40 states plus the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico filed a complaint against a number of pharmaceutical companies, including Greenstone and Pfizer. The matter has be
consolidated with a MDL in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. As to Greenstone and Pfizer, the complaint alleges anticompetitive conduct in violation of federal and state antitry
laws and state consumer protection laws. In June 2020, the State Attorneys General filed a new complaint against a large number of companies, including Greenstone and Pfizer,
making similar allegations, but concerning a new set of drugs. This complaint was transferred to the MDL in July 2020. The MDL also includes civil complaints filed by private
plaintiffs and state counties against Pfizer, Greenstone and a significant number of other defendants asserting allegations that generally overtap with those asserted by the State
Attorneys General.

Subpoena & Civil Investigative Demand relating to Tris Pharma/Quillivant XR

In October 2018, we received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York (SDNY) seeking records relating to our relationship with another dr
manufacturer and its production and manufacturing of drugs including, but not limited to, Quilivant XR. We responded to that subpoena in full and have had no communication wit
the SDNY in connection with the subpoena since June 2019. Additionally, in September 2020, we received a Civil Investigative Demand (CID) from the Texas Attorney General's
office seeking records of a similar nature to those requested by the SDNY. We produced records in response to this request. In November 2023, the investigation culminated in a+
tam litigation brought by the State of Texas. The investigation is now closed.

Government Inquiries relating to Meridian Medical Technologies

In February 2019, we received a CID from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the SDNY. The CID seeks records and information related to alleged quality issues involving the manufact
of auto-injectors at the Meridian site. In August 2019, we received a HIPAA subpoena issued by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Missouri, in coordination with t
Department of Justice's Consumer Protection Branch, seeking similar records and information. We have produced records in response to these and subsequent requests.

U.S. Department of Justice/SEC Inquiry relating to Russian Operations
In June 2019, we received an informal request from the U.S. Department of Justice's Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) Unit seeking documents relating to our operations in
Russia. In September 2019, we received a similar request from the SEC's FCPA Unit. We have produced records pursuant to these requests.

Docetaxe!—Mississippi Attorney General Government Investigation
See Legal Proceedings—Product Litigation—Docetaxe—Mississippi Attorney General Government Action above for information regarding a government investigation related to
Docetaxel marketing practices.

U.S. Department of Justice Inquiries relating to India Operations
In March 2020, we received an informal request from the U.S. Department of Justice's Consumer Protection Branch seeking documents relating to our manufacturing operations i
India, including at our former facility located at Irrungattukottai in India. In April 2020, we received a similar request from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the SDNY regarding a civil
investigation concerning operations at our facilities in India, We are producing records pursuant to these requests.

U.S. Department of Justice/SEC Inquiry relating to China Operations

In June 2020, we received an informal request from the U.S. Department of Justice's FCPA Unit seeking documents relating to our operations in China. In August 2020, we receiv
a similar request from the SEC's FCPA Unit. We have produced records pursuant to these requests.

Zantac—State of New Mexico and Mayor and City Council of Baltimore Civil Actions

See Legal Proceedings—Product Litigation—Zantac above for information regarding civil actions separately filed by the State of New Mexico and the Mayor and City Council of
Baltimore alleging various state statutory and common law claims in connection with the defendants’ alleged sale of Zantac in those jurisdictions.

Government Inquiries relating to Biohaven
In June 2022, the U.S. Department of Justice's Commercial Litigation Branch and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of New York issued a CID relating to Biohaven
The CID seeks records and information related to, among other things, engagements with healthcare professionals and co-pay coupons cards. In March 2023, the California
Department of Insurance issued a subpoena seeking records similar to those requested by the CID. Biohaven is a wholly-owned subsidiary that we acquired in October 2022. We
are producing records in response to these requests.


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

U.S. Department of Justice Inquiry relating to Mexico Operations
In March 2023, we received an informal request from the U.S. Department of Justice’s FCPA Unit seeking documents relating to our operations in Mexico. We are producing reco:

pursuant to this request.
Government inquiries relating to Xeljanz

In April 2023, we received a HIPAA subpoena issued by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of Virginia, in coordination with the Department of Justice's Commercial
Litigation Branch, seeking records and information related to programs Pfizer sponsored in retail pharmacies relating to Xeljanz. We are producing records pursuant to this requet

B. Guarantees and Indemnifications

In the ordinary course of business and in connection with the sale of assets and businesses and other transactions, we often indemnify our counterparties against certain liabilities
that may arise in connection with the transaction or that are related to events and activities prior to or following a transaction. If the indemnified party were to make a successful cl
pursuant to the terms of the indemnification, we may be required to reimburse the loss. These indemnifications are generally subject to various restrictions and limitations.
Historically, we have not paid significant amounts under these provisions and, as of December 31, 2023, the estimated fair value of these indemnification obligations is not materi:
to Pfizer. See Note 2C for a description of the March 2022 indemnity provided by Pfizer to GSK in connection with the issuance of notes by the Consumer Healthcare JV. In
conjunction with the completion of GSK's demerger transactions in July 2022, GSK’s guarantee and our related indemnification of GSK's guarantee were terminated.

In addition, in connection with our entry into certain agreements and other transactions, our counterparties may be obligated to indemnify us. For example, our global agreement \
BioNTech to co-develop a mRNA-based coronavirus vaccine program aimed at preventing COVID-19 infection, includes certain indemnity provisions pursuant to which each of
BioNTech and Pfizer has agreed to indemnify the other for certain liabilities that may arise in connection with certain third-party claims relating to Comirnaty.

See Note 7D for information on Pfizer Inc.'s guarantee of the debt issued by PIE in May 2023.

We have also guaranteed the long-term debt of certain companies that we acquired and that now are subsidiaries of Pfizer. See Note 7D.

C. Certain Commitments
As of December 31, 2023, we had commitments totaling $5.2 billion that are legally binding and enforceable. These commitments include payments relating to potential milestone
payments deemed reasonably likely to occur, and purchase obligations for goods and services.

See Note 5A for information on the TCJA repatriation tax liability.

D. Contingent Consideration for Acquisitions
We may be required to make payments to sellers for certain prior business combinations that are contingent upon future events or outcomes. See Note 1D. The estimated fair val
of contingent consideration as of December 31, 2023 is $692 million, of which $179 million is recorded in Other current liabilities and $512 million in Other noncurrent liabilities, ar
as of December 31, 2022 was $645 million, of which $42 million was recorded in Other current liabilities and $603 million in Other noncurrent liabilities. The increase in the
contingent consideration balance from December 31, 2022 is primarily due to fair value adjustments, partially offset by payments made upon the achievement of certain sales-bas
milestones.

E. Insurance

Our insurance coverage reflects market conditions (including cost and availability) existing at the time it is written, and our decision to obtain insurance coverage or to self-insure
varies accordingly. Depending upon the cost and availability of insurance and the nature of the risk involved, the amount of self-insurance may be significant. The cost and
availabilty of coverage have resulted in self-insuring certain exposures, including product liability. If we incur substantial liabilities that are not covered by insurance or substantial
‘exceed insurance coverage and that are in excess of existing accruals, there could be a material adverse effect on our cash flows or results of operations in the period in which th
amounts are paid and/or accrued.

Note 17. Segment, Geographic and Other Revenue Information
A. Segment Information

We regularly review our operating segments and the approach used by management to evaluate performance and allocate resources. In 2023, we managed our commercial
‘operations through two operating segments, each led by a single manager: Biopharma, our innovative science-based biopharmaceutical business, and Business Innovation, an
operating segment established in the first quarter of 2023 that includes PC1, our contract development and manufacturing organization and a leading supplier of specialty active
pharmaceutical ingredients, and Pfizer Ignite, an offering that provides strategic guidance and end-to-end R&D services to select innovative biotech companies that align with
Pfizer's R&D focus areas. Biopharma is the only reportable segment. Each operating segment has responsibility for its commercial activities. Regional commercial organizations
market, distribute and sell our products and are supported by global platform functions that are responsible for the research, development, manufacturing and supply of our produ
and global corporate enabling functions. Each operating segment has a geographic footprint across developed and emerging markets. Our chief operating decision maker uses th
revenues and earnings of the operating segments, among other factors, for performance evaluation and resource allocation. Beginning in July 2023, in consideration of planned
future investments in oncology, including the December 2023 acquisition of Seagen, we reorganized our R&D platform operations. Discovery to late-phase clinical development fc
‘oncology is performed by a new end-to-end ORD organization and discovery to late-phase clinical development for all remaining therapeutic areas is consolidated into the end-to-
end PRD organization. ORD and PRD replace our former WROM and GPD organizations, where, prior to July 2023, research units within WROM were generally responsible for
research and early-stage development assets and, prior to July 2023, GPD was generally responsible for the clinical development strategy and operational execution of clinical tri
for both early- and late-stage clinical assets in Pfizer's pipeline. In 2023, Biopharma received R&D services from

Pfizer Inc.! 2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

ORD, PRD and the predecessor WROM and GPD organizations. These services included IPR&D projects for new investi
products.

Other Business Activities—Other business activities include the operating results of Business Innovation as well as certain pre-tax costs not allocated to our operating segment
results, such as costs associated with:

+ ORD—the R&D expenses managed by our ORD organization, which is responsible for discovery to late-phase clinical development for oncology research projects for our glob:
Biopharma portfolio along with facilitating regulatory submissions and interactions with regulatory agencies for these projects. R&D spending may include upfront and milestone
payments for intellectual property rights for oncology projects.

+ PRD—the R&D expenses managed by our PRD organization, which is respansible for discovery to late-phase clinical development research projects for all therapeutic areas
other than oncology for our global Biopharma portfolio, along with facilitating regulatory submissions and interactions with regulatory agencies for these projects. R&D spending
may include upfront and milestone payments for intellectual property rights related to non-oncology projects. The PRD organization also has responsibility for certain science-
based and other platform-services organizations, which provide end-to-end technical expertise and other services to both ORD and PRD R&D projects, as well as the Worldwic
Medical and Safety group, which helps ensure that Pfizer provides all stakeholders—including patients, healthcare providers, pharmacists, payors and health authorities—with
complete and up-to-date information on the risks and benefits associated with Pfizer products so that they can make appropriate decisions on how and when to use Pfizer's
medicines.

+ Corporate and other unallocated—the costs associated with (i) corporate enabling functions (such as digital, global real estate operations, legal, finance, human resources,
worldwide public affairs, compliance and worldwide procurement, among others) and other corporate costs, including, but not limited to, all strategy, business development and
Portfolio management capabilities and certain compensation, as well as interest income and expense, and gains and losses on investments; (ii) overhead costs primarily
associated with our manufacturing operations (which include manufacturing variances associated with production) that are not directly assessed to an operating segment, as
business unit (segment) management does not manage these costs; and (ii) our share of earnings from Haleon/the Consumer Healthcare JV.

tional products and addit

Reconciling Items—The following items, transactions and events are not allocated to our operating segment results: (i) all amortization of intangible assets; (ii) acquisition-related
items, where we incur costs for executing the transaction, integrating the acquired operations and restructuring the combined company, and which may also include purchase
accounting impacts, such as the incremental charge to cost of sales from the sale of acquired inventory that was written up to fair value, depreciation related to the
increase/decrease in fair value of acquired fixed assets, amortization related to the increase in fair value of acquired debt, and the fair value changes for contingent consideration;
and (ii) certain significant items, representing substantive and/or unusual, and in some cases recurring, items that are evaluated on an individual basis by management and that,
either as a result of their nature or size, would not be expected to occur as part of our normal business on a regular basis. Such certain significant items can include, but are not
ited to, pension and postretirement actuarial remeasurement gains and losses, non-acquisition-related restructuring costs, net gains and losses on investments in equity
securities, as well as costs incurred for legal settlements, asset impairments and disposals of assets or businesses, including, as applicable, any associated transition activities.

‘Segment Assets—We manage our assets on a total company basis, not by operating segment, as our operating assets are shared or commingled. Therefore, our chief operating
decision maker does not regularly review any asset information by operating segment and, accordingly, we do not report asset information by operating segment. Total assets wet
$227 billion as of December 31, 2023 and $197 billion as of December 31, 2022.

Selected te
The following table provides selected income statement information by reportable segment:
‘Total Revenues Eamings® Depreciation and Amortization®)
Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31,

(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 202
Reportable Segment: i

Biopharma 57,186] $ 98,988 $ 79,557 $ 30,632] $ 57,148 $ 40,647 $ 882) $ 813 ¢ 78
Other business activities 1,310 1,342 1731 (19,050)! (14,370) (13,455) 654 626 59
Reconciling items:

Amortization of intangible assets (4,733) (3.609) (3.746) 4,733 3,609 3,74¢

Acquisition-related items (1.874) (832) (139) (ty (20) (21

Certain significant items‘ (3,917)! (3,608) 1,003 32| 36 8

$58,496] $ 100,330 $ 61,288 $ 1,058] § 34729 $ 24311 § 62901 $ 5,064 $ 5,19"

(©) Eamings = Income from continuing operations before provision/(benefi) for taxes on income. Biopharma’s revenues and earings in 2023 reflect a non-cash revenue reversal of $3.5 billion (see Note
.17C). Biopharma's earings also include dividend income from our investment in Vil of $265 million in 2023, $314 mittion in 2022 and $166 milion in 2021.

©) Certain production facilities are shared, Depreciation is allocated based on estimates of physical production.

©) Other business activities include revenues and costs associated with Business Innovation and costs that we do not allocate to our operating segments, per above, including acquired IPR&D expenses i
the periods presented (see Notes 24 and 26). In 2023, eamings include approximately $6.2 billion of inventory write-offs and related charges to Cost of sales mainly due to lower-than-expected deman
for our COVID-19 products. In 2022, eamings included COVIO-19-related chargos of approximately $1.7 billion to Cost of sales, composed of (') inventory write-offs of approximately $1.2 billion related
COVID-19 products that exceeded or were expected to exceed their approved shelt-lives prior to being used and (i) charges of approximately $0.5 billion, primarily related to excess raw materials for
Paxlovid

( Certain significant items are substantive andlor unusual, and in some cases recurring, items (as noted above). Eamings in 2023 include, among other items: (i) intangible asset impairment charges of §
billion recorded in Other (income)/deductions—net and (i) restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs

Pfizer Inc.| 2023 Form 10-K


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

and additional depreciation—asset restructuring of $2.2 bilion ($290 million recorded in Selling, informational and administrative expenses and the remaining amount primarily recorded in Restructuring
charges and certain acquisition-related costs), partially offset by (ii) net gains on equity securities of $1.6 billion recorded in Other (income)/deductions—net. Eamings in 2022 included, among other
items: (i) restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciation—asset restructuring of $1.4 billion ($562 million recorded in Selling, informational and administrative
‘expenses and the remaining amount primarily recorded in Restructuring charges and certain acquisition-relaled costs) and (ji) net losses on equity securities of $1.3 billion recorded in Other
(income)/deductions—net. Eamings in 2021 included, among other items: (i) actuarial valuation and other pension and postretirement plan gains of $1.6 billion recorded in Other (income)/deductions—
‘and (ji) net gains on equity securities of $1.3 billion recorded in Other (income)/deductions—net, partially offset by (ii) restructuring charges/(credits) and implementation costs and additional depreciati
—asset restructuring of $1.3 billion ($450 milion recorded in Selling, informational and administrative expenses and the remaining amount primarily recorded in Restructuring charges and certain

acquisition-related costs). See Notes 3 and 4.

B. Geographic Information

“The following summarizes revenues by geographic area:

Year Ended December 31,

(MILLIONS) 2023 2022 2a
United States $ 27,088 $ 42,473 $ 29,7
Developed Europe : 11,650 21,982 18,3
Developed Rest of World 7,761 | 15,778 12,5
Emerging Markets 11,996 20,097 207
Total revenues $ 58,496 $ 100,330 $ 812

Revenues exceeded $500 million in each of 14, 24 and 21 countries outside the U.S. in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The U.S. is the only country to contribute more than 1
of total revenue in 2023, 2022 and 2021. As a percentage of revenues, our largest country outside the U.S. was Japan, which contributed 6% of total revenue in 2023, 8% of total

revenue in 2022 and 9% of total revenue in 2021

C. Other Revenue Information

Significant Customers

We and our collaboration partner, BioNTech, have entered into agreements to supply pre-specified doses of Comirnaty with multiple developed and emerging nations around the
world and are continuing to deliver doses of Comimaty under such agreements. This includes supply agreements entered into in November 2020 and February and May 2021 wit
the EC for Comiraty on behalf of the different EU member states and certain other countries. Each EU member state submits its own Comimaty vaccine order to us and is
responsible for payment pursuant to terms of the supply agreements negotiated by the EC. In May 2023, we and BioNTech amended our contract with the EC to deliver COVID-1:
vaccines to the EU. The amended agreement includes rephasing of delivery of doses annually through 2026 and an aggregate volume reduction, providing additional flexibility for
those EU member states who agreed to the amended agreement. The EC will maintain access to future adapted COVID-19 vaccines and the ability to donate doses, in alignment
with the original agreement.

In 2022 and 2023, we had entered into agreements to supply pre-specified treatment courses of Paxlovid with government and government sponsored customers in multiple
developed and emerging nations around the world, which represented most Paxlovid revenues in 2022 and 2023, while commercialization began in some markets in 2023. In
October 2023, we announced an amended agreement with the U.S. government, which facilitated the transition of Paxlovid to traditional commercial markets starting in Novembe
2023, with prices negotiated with commercial payors and a copay assistance program for eligible privately insured patients, as the U.S. government began to discontinue the
distribution of EUA-labeled Paxlovid. We ensured commercial readiness by providing NDA-labeled commercial supply by the end of 2023, However, EUA-abeled Paxlovid remair
available free-of-charge to all eligible patients until the end of 2023, and therefore, there was only minimal uptake of NDA-labeled commercial product before January 1, 2024. in
connection with this agreement, we recorded a non-cash revenue reversal of $3.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023, of which a portion was associated with sales recorded in 20
related to the expected return of an estimated 6.5 million treatment courses of EUA-labeled U.S. government inventory. We will convert these treatment courses previously
purchased by the U.S. government to a volume-based credit, based on the actual number of treatment courses that are returned by the U.S. government, which will support
continued access to Paxlovid through a U.S. government patient assistance program operated by Pfizer. Therefore, we expect the patient assistance program will provide an
estimated 6.5 milion treatment courses of FDA-approved, NDA-labeled Paxlovid free of charge to all eligible uninsured, Medicare and Medicaid patients through 2024, and to
eligible uninsured and underinsured patients through 2028. We also agreed to create, in 2024, a U.S. Strategic National Stockpile of 1.0 million treatment courses to enable future
pandemic preparedness through 2028, which will be managed and supplied by Pfizer at no cost to the U.S. government or taxpayers. While we will recognize revenue as the
estimated 7.5 million treatment courses are delivered, there is no remaining cash consideration for these treatment courses.

The following summarizes revenue, as a percentage of Total revenues, for our three largest U.S. wholesaler customers and the U.S. government, which was concentrated in our
Biopharma operating segment:

Year Ended December 31,

2023 2022 2
MeKesson, Inc. ; 17% 8% $
Cencora, Inc. (formerly AmerisourceBergen Corporation) ‘ 12% 5% i
Cardinal Health, Inc. i 10% 4% t
U.S. government) t -!} 23% iN

©) The decrease in revenues from the U.S. government as @ percentage of Total revenues for 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to the transition of Comimaty and Paxlovid to commercial market
‘sales in the second half of 2023 as well as the revenue reversal for Paxlovid in the fourth quarter of 2023.

Pfizerinc., 2023 Form 10-K (104


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

Collectively, our three largest U.S. wholesaler customers represented 44% and 32% of total trade accounts receivable as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022,
respectively. Accounts receivable from the U.S. government as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 were not material to our consolidated financial statements.

Significant Revenues by Product
The following provides detailed revenue information for several of our major products:

(MILLIONS) Year Ended December 31,
PRODUCT PRIMARY INDICATION OR CLASS 2023 2022 2
TOTAL REVENUES 100,330 $ 812
‘GLOBAL BIOPHARMACEUTICALS BUSINESS (BIOPHARMA) 95988 792
Primary Care 7303S EN
‘Active immunization to prevent COVID-19,
Comirnoty direct sales and aliance
revenues! 37,808 387
Eligus alliance revenues and diect sales Nonvalvular ail fibration, deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism 6.480 5f
Prevnar farndy ‘Active immunization o prevent pneumonia, invasive disease and otitis media caused by
‘Streptococcus pneumoniae 6337 82
Paxtovig COVID-19 in certain high-risk pationts 18,933
Nurtee ODTMydura ‘Acute treatment of migraine and prevention of episodic migraine 213
Abrysvo ‘Active immunization to prevent RSV infection -
Premarin family ‘Symptoms of menopause 455 t
euP2 Bone graft fr spinal fusion a z
FSME-IMMUNTTicoVac ‘Active immunization to prevent tick-bome encepholiis disease 200 1
Nimentix ‘Active immunization against invasive meningococcal ACWY disease 258 1
Trumenba ‘Active immunization to prevent invasive disease caused by Neisseria meningitidis group B 123 :
All other Primary Care Various aa 1,932 26
Specialty Care s 149701 $ 13833 § 18.
‘Vyndagel family "ATTR-CM and polyneuropathy 3.32 2447 26
Xeljanz RA, PsA, UC, active polyarticular course juvenile idiopathic artis, ankylosing spondyiits, 4,703 1.736 24
Enbrel (Outside the U.S. and Canada) RA, juvenile idiopathic arthritis, PsA, plaque psoriasis, pediatic plaque psoriasis, ankylosing
spondyls and nonradiographic axial spondytoarthtis
830 1,003 4
Sulperazon Bacterial infections 157 786 €
1g Portoio® Various 506 491 4
Genotropin Replacement of human growth hormone 538 360
Zavicetta Bacterial infections st 412 4
Inflectra
490 532 €
BeneFIx Hemophilia 8 428 425 4
Zithromax Bacterial infections 406 331 z
Medrol ‘Anttinlammatory glucocorticoid 339 328 4
Oxbyta Sicie cell disease 328 73
‘Somavert ‘Acromegaly 267 268 z
Fragmin TreatmenVprevention of venous thromboembolism 238 259
ReFacto AFyntha Hemophilia A 230 239 i
Cresemba Fungal infections 195 155 1
Viend Fungat infections 187 225 z
Bicitin Bacterial infections 158 46 1
Cibingo ‘Atopic dermatitis 128
All other Antvnfectives Various 1,092 1s
Ail other Specialty Car Various 2,246 é
‘Oncology 5
Trance THR posilverHER2 negative metastatic breast cancer
Xtandi aliance revenues mCRPC, nmCRPC, mCSPC, nmCSPC
telyia ‘Advanced RCC
Bosulf Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myelogenous loukemia 375 £
Lorbrena ALK-postve metastatic NSCLC 43° a
Zirabev ‘Treatment of mCRC; unresectable, locally advanced, recurrent or metastatic NSCLC; recurrent
glioblastoma; metastaic RCC; and persistent, recurrent or metastatic cervical cancor 862 4

Pfizer Inc.


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

(MILLIONS) Year Ended December 31,
PRODUCT PRIMARY INDICATION OR CLASS 2023 2022 2
Ruxience Non-hodgkin's lymphoma, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, granulomatosis with polyangitis
(Wegener's Granulomatosis) and microscopic polyangits 390 458 4
Xalkori ALK-positive and Proto-Oncogene 1, Receptor Tyrosine Kinase-positive advanced NSCLC 374 465 4
Retacrit ‘Anemia 340 394 4
‘Aromasin Postmenopausal early and advanced breast cancer 301 248 i
Besponsa Relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia 236 219 4
Bratovi In combination with Mektovi for metastatic melanoma in patients with a BRAF#°2* mutation and
for metastatic NSCLC in patients with a BRAFY% mutation; and
In combination with Erbitux (celuximaby' for the treatment of BRAFY"-mutant mCRC after
prior therapy 219 194 1
Bavencio alliance revenues" Locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma; metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma;
immunotherapy and tyrosine kinase inhibitor combination for patients with advanced RCC 190 an 1
Sutent ‘Advanced and/or metastatic RCC, adjuvant RCC, refractory gastrointestinal stomal tumors
9¢ disease progression on, or inialerance to, imatinib mesylate) and advanced pancreatic
‘neuroendocrine tumor
180 347 €
Mektovi {In combination with Braftovi for metastatic melanoma in patients with a BAF" mutation and
for metastatic NSCLC in patients with a BRAF®®E mutation 174 176 1
Trazimera HER2-positive breast cancer and metastatic stomach cancers, . a“ 203 1
Padcev Locally advanced or metastatic urothelial cancer 2 =
Adcetis™ Hodgkin lymphoma and certain T-cell lymphomas 46 -
Unresectable or metastatic HER2-positive breast cancer: RAS wild-type, HER2-positive
Tukysal™ unresectable or metastatic colorectal cancer 7 -
Tidak! Recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer 4 =
Ail other Oncology Various 433 397 a
BUSINESS INNOVATION®” $ 1.310) $ 142g a
Pizer Centreone™ Various 1,265 1.335 a
Pfizer Ignite Various aa 7
Total Alliance revenues included above $ 7,582} 357 Te

() Excludes revenues for certain Comimaly-related manufacturing activities performed on behalf of BioNTech, which are included in the PC1 contract development and manufacturing organization, See
footnote (h) below.

©) Includes a non-cash revenue reversal of $3.5 billion recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023, of which a portion was associated with sales recorded in 2022, related to the expected return of an estimated
milion treatment courses of EUAlabeled U.S. government inventory.

(© Immunoglobulin (Ig) portfolio includes the revenues from Panzyga, Octagam and Cutaquig.

(© Erbitux is a registered trademark of ImClone LLC.

(©) In March 2023, it was announced that our alliance with Merck KGaA to co-develop and co-commercialize Bavencio (avelumab) would terminate. Effective June 30, 2023, Merck KGaA took full control o
the global commercialization of Bavencio. Beginning in the third quarter of 2023, the related profit share was replaced by a 15% royalty to Pfizer on net sales of Bavencio, which was recorded in Other
(income)/deductions—net. We and Merck KGaA continue to operationalize our respective ongoing clinical trials for Bavencio; and Merck KGaA controls all future R&D activities, Bavencio is a registerer
trademark of Merck KGaA.

(© Represents revenues from legacy Seagen products subsequent to the acquisition on December 14, 2023. See Note 2A.

(8) See Note 174 above for information about Business Innovation. Prior-period financial information has been revised to reflect the current period presentation.

) PC1 includes revenues from our contract manufacturing, including certain Comimaty-related manufacturing activities performed on behalf of BioNTech ($33 million for 2023, $188 million for 2022, and
$320 milion for 2021), and revenues from our active pharmaceutical ingredient sales operation, as well as revenues related to our manufacturing and supply agreements with former legacy Pfizer
businesses/partnerships.

Remaining Performance Obligations—Contracted revenue expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations for firm orders in long-term contracts to supply
Comimaty and Paxlovid to our customers totaled approximately $6 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2023, which includes amounts received in advance ar
deferred, as well as amounts that will be invoiced as we deliver these products to our customers in future periods. Of these amounts, current contract terms provide for expected
delivery of product with contracted revenue from 2024 through 2028, the timing of which may be renegotiated. Remaining performance obligations are based on foreign exchange
rates as of the end of our fiscal fourth quarter of 2023 and exclude arrangements with an original expected contract duration of less than one year. Remaining performance
obligations associated with contracts for other products and services were not significant as of December 31, 2023 or 2022.

Deferred Revenues—Our deferred revenues primarily relate to advance payments received or receivable from various government or government sponsored customers for suppl
of Paxlovid and Comirnaty.

‘The deferred revenues related to Paxiovid totaled $3.4 billion as of December 31, 2023, with $1.5 billion and $1.9 billion recorded in current liabilities and noncurrent liabilities,
respectively, while deferred revenues related to Paxlovid were not material as of December 31, 2022. The increase in Paxlovid deferred revenues during 2023 was primarily drive!
by the reversal of Paxlovid revenues and conversion of previously purchased EUA-labeled Paxiovid treatment courses into a volume-based credit under our October 2023 amend
agreement with the U.S. government.


Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies

The deferred revenues related to Comimaty totaled $1.7 billion as of December 31, 2023, with $1.1 billion and $552 million recorded in current liabilities and noncurrent liabilities,
respectively. The deferred revenues related to Comirnaty totaled $2.5 billion as of December 31, 2022, with $2.4 billion and $77 million recorded in current liabilities and noncurre:
liabilities, respectively. The decrease in Comirnaty deferred revenues during 2023 was primarily the result of amounts recognized in Product revenues as we delivered the produc
to our customers, partially offset by additional advance payments received as we entered into amended contracts, as welll as the impact of foreign exchange. During 2023, we
recognized revenue of approximately $2.2 billion that was included in the balance of Comirnaty deferred revenues as of December 31, 2022.

The Paxlovid and Comirnaty deferred revenues as of December 31, 2023 will be recognized in Product revenues proportionately as we transfer control of the products to our
customers and satisfy our performance obligations under the contracts, with the amounts included in current liabilities expected to be recognized in Product revenues within the 1
12 months, and the amounts included in noncurrent liabilities expected to be recognized in Product revenues from December 2024 (which falls in our international first quarter of
2025) through 2028. Deferred revenues associated with contracts for other products were not significant as of December 31, 2023 or 2022.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in alertin,
them in a timely manner to material information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed with the SEC.

Changes in Internal Controls
On December 14, 2023, we acquired Seagen. Other than the addition of Seagen’s operations to our internal control over financial reporting and any related changes in control to

integrate Seagen into Pfizer, there has not been any change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

2023 Form 10-K


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Pfizer Inc.:

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal
Controb—integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations af the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all materi
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the
Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-
year period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 22, 2024 expressed an
unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.

The scope of management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting includes all of the Company's consolidated operations except for the
operations of Seagen Inc. and its subsidiaries (Seagen), which the Company acquired on December 14, 2023. Seagen's operations represent 0.2% of the Company's
consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023, and assets associated with Seagen’s operations represent 22% of the Company's consolidated total assets, as of
December 31, 2023. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Seagen.

Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whet!
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of intemal control over financial reporting included oblaining an understanding ¢
internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of internal Control Over Financial Reporting

company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policie
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provic
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.

KPMG UP

New York, New York
February 22, 2024


Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management's Report

We prepared and are responsible for the financial statements that appear in this Form 10-K. These financial statements are in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America and, therefore, include amounts based on informed judgments and estimates. We also accept responsibility for the preparation of other
financial information that is included in this document.

Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) un
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. The
Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and
fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation ¢
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (ii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal contra! aver financial reporting as of December 31, 2023. In making this assessment, managemer
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Controt—integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessme
and those criteria, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023.

The scope of management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting includes all of the Company's consolidated operations except for the
operations of Seagen Inc. and its subsidiaries (Seagen), which the Company acquired on December 14, 2023. Seagen’s operations represent 0.2% of the Company's consolidate
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023, and assets associated with Seagen’s operations represent 22% of the Company's consolidated total assets, as of December 31
2023.

‘The Company's independent auditors have issued their auditors’ report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. That report appears above in this Form 10-K.

Nbert PourCe

Albert Bourla
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Cpe B Dead

David M. Denton Jennifer B. Damico
Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer

February 22, 2024


ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

During the three months ended December 31, 2023, none of our directors or officers adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K.

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Information about our Directors is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading /tem 1—Election of Directors in our Proxy Statement. information about the Pf
Policies on Business Conduct governing our employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, and the Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics for Members of the Board of Directors, is incorporated by reference from the discussions under the headings Governance Overview—Pfizer Policies on
Business Conduct and —Code of Conduct for Directors in our Proxy Statement. Information regarding the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to ot
Board of Directors is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the headings Item 1—Election of Directors—Criteria for Board Membership and Annual Meeting
Information—Submitting Proxy Proposals and Director Nominations for the 2025 Annual Meeting in our Proxy Statement. Information about our Audit Committee, including the
members of the Committee, and our Audit Committee financial experts, is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading Govermance Overview—Board and
Committee Information—Board Committees—The Audit Committee in our Proxy Statement. The balance of the information required by this item is contained in the discussion
entitled Information about Our Executive Officers in this Form 10-K.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Information about Director and executive compensation is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the headings Non-Employee Director Compensation; Executive
Compensation; and Governance Overview—Board and Committee Information—Board Committees—The Compensation Committee—Compensation Committee interlocks and
Insider Participation in our Proxy Statement.

ITEM 12. securny OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTI

Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the headings Executive Compensation—Compensation Tables—Equity Compensation Pl
Information and Securities Ownership in our Proxy Statement.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Information about certain relationships and transactions with related parties is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the headings Governance Overview—Other
Governance Practices and Policies—Related Person Transactions and indemnification and —Transactions with Related Persons in our Proxy Statement. Information about direct
independence is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading item 1—Election of Directors—Director Independence in our Proxy Statement.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

Our independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP, New York, NY, Auditor Firm ID: 185. Information about the fees for professional services rendered by our
independent registered public accounting firm in 2023 and 2022 is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading item 2—Ratification of Selection of independ
Registered Public Accounting Firm—Audit and Non-Audit Fees in our Proxy Statement. Our Audit Committee's policy on pre-approval of audit and permissible non-audit services
‘our independent registered public accounting firm is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading item 2—Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm—Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services in our Proxy Statement.

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

15(a)(1) Financial Statements. The following consolidated financial statements, related notes and report of independent registered public accounting firm are set forth in tem 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Form 10-K:

+ Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Consolidated Financial Statements
+ Consolidated Statements of Income

+ Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
+ Consolid lance Sheets

+ Consolidated Statements of Equity

+ Cor 2a ‘lows

+ Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

15(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. Schedules are omitted because they are not required or because the information is provided elsewhere in the financial statements. Thx
financial statements of unconsolidated subsidiaries are omitted because, considered in the aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary.


15(a)(3) Exhibits. These exhibits are available upon request. Requests should be directed to our Corporate Secretary, Pfizer Inc., 66 Hudson Boulevard East, New York, New Yor

10001-2192. The exhi

it numbers preceded by an asterisk (*) indicate exhibits filed with this Form 10-K. All other exhibit numbers indicate exhibits filed by incorporation by

reference. Exhibit numbers 10.1 through 10.50 are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.

at

Re RK

é

42

48

Ib

5

>

BBE

5

‘Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 19, 2018, by and among us, GlaxoSmithKline plc and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Holdings Limited is
incorporated by reference from our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K. (Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, the registrant hereby agrees to supplementally furnis
to the SEC upon request any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement.)

Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among Pfizer Inc., Aris Merger Sub, Inc. and Seagen Inc., dated as of March 12, 2023 is incorporated by reference from our Curren
Report on Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2023.

Our Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated December 14, 2020, is incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2020.

Our By-laws, as amended on December 9, 2022, are incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
December 13, 2022.

Indenture, dated as of January 30, 2001, between us and The Chase Manhattan Bank, is incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January
2001.

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 24, 2009, between us and The Bank of New York Melion (successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (formerly JPMorgan
Chase Bank, formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)), as trustee, to Indenture dated as of January 30, 2001, is incorporated by reference from our Quartery Report on For
10-Q for the period ended June 28, 2009.

‘Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 2, 2009, between us and The Bank of New York Mellon (successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (formerly JPMorgan
Chase Bank, formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)), as trustee, to Indenture dated as of January 30, 2001, is incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form &
filed on June 3, 2009.

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 3, 2013, between us and The Bank of New York Mellon (successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (formerly JPMorgan
Chase Bank, formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)), as trustee, to Indenture dated as of January 30, 2001, is incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form
filed on June 3, 2013.

Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 15, 2014, between us and The Bank of New York Mellon (successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (formerly JPMorgan
Chase Bank, formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank), as trustee, to Indenture dated as of January 30, 2001, is incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form
filed on May 15, 2014.

Fifth Supplemental indenture, dated as of October 5, 2015, between us and The Bank of New York Mellon (successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (formery JPMorgan
Chase Bank, formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank), as trustee, to Indenture dated as of January 30, 2001, is incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form £
filed on October 6, 2015.

Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 3, 2016, between us and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly The Bank of New York (successor to JPMorgan Chase
Bank, N.A. (formerly JPMorgan Chase Bank, formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association)))), as trustee, to Indenture dated as of January 30, 2001, is
incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2016.

Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 21, 2016, between us and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly The Bank of New York (successor to JPMorgar
‘Chase Bank, N.A. (formerly JPMorgan Chase Bank, formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association)))), as trustee, to Indenture dated as of January 30, 2001, i
incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 21, 2016.

Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 17, 2017, among us, The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly The Bank of New York (successor to JPMorgan Chase Bar
NA. (formerly JPMorgan Chase Bank, formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank (successor to the Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association)))), as trustee, and The Bank «
New York Mellon, London Branch, as paying agent, to Indenture dated as of January 30, 2001, is incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
March 17, 2017.

Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2017, among us, The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly The Bank of New York (successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank,
N.A. (formerly JPMorgan Chase Bank, formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association)))), as trustee, and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as
paying agent and calculation agent, to Indenture dated as of January 30, 2001, is incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2017.

Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 19, 2017. among us, The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly The Bank of New York (successor to JPMorgan Chase
Bank, N.A. (formerly JPMorgan Chase Bank, formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank (National Association)))), as trustee, and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch,
paying agent, to Indenture dated as of January 30, 2001, is incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2017.

Indenture, dated as of April 10, 1992, between Wyeth (formerly American Home Products Corporation) and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to JPMorgan Chas
Bank, N.A.), as trustee, is incorporated by reference from Wyeth's Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on January 18, 1995.

‘Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 13, 1992, between Wyeth and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), as trustee, is
incorporated by reference {rom Wyeth's Registration Statement on Form S-3, filed on January 18, 1995.

Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2003, between Wyeth and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), as truste
is incorporated by reference from Wyeth’s 2003 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 14, 2005, between Wyeth and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), as trusts
is incorporated by reference from Wyeth’s Current Report on Form &-K filed on November 15, 2005.

rine.” "2023 Form 10-K 444


4.16

i"

:

BE

>
hs
Is

In

;

B

B

>
IS

424

B

2
2

=

EE

BEEE

is
lo

is
Is

E |

Is
eS

ls
Is

EE E

10.17
10.18

é

10.20

‘Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 27, 2007, between Wyeth and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), as truste
is incorporated by reference from Wyeth’s Current Report on Form &-K filed on March 28, 2007.

Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 30, 2009, between Wyeth, us and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, formerly Th
Chase Manhattan Bank), as trustee, to Indenture dated as of April 10, 1992 (as amended on October 13, 1992), is incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Fc
8-K filed on November 3, 2009.

Indenture, dated as of September 7, 2018, between us and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee,
‘on September 7, 2018.

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 7, 2018, between us and The Bank of New York Mellon, as truste
on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2018.

incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K file

incorporated by reference from our Current Rey

‘Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 11, 2019, between us and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, is incorporated by reference from our Current Rep.
‘on Form 8-K filed on March 11, 2019,

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 27, 2020, between us and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, is incorporated by reference from our Current Repor
on Form 8-K filed on March 27, 2020.

Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 28, 2020, between us and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, is incorporated by reference from our Current Report
Form 8-K filed on May 28, 2020.

Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 18, 2021 between us and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, is incorporated by reference from our Current Report
Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021.

Indenture, dated as of May 19, 2023, among Pfizer Investment Enterprises Pte. Ltd., Pfizer Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, is incorporated by reference
from our Current Report on Form &-K filed on May 19, 2023.

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 19, 2023, among Pfizer Investment Enterprises Pte. Ltd., Pfizer Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, is
incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Farm 8-K filed on May 19, 2023.

Description of Pfizer's Securities.

Except as set forth in Exhibits 4.1-4.26 above, the instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the Company and its subs!
‘omitted. We agree to furnish to the SEC, upon request, a copy of each instrument with respect to issuances of long-term debt of the Company and its subsidiaries.

2001 Stock and Incentive Plan is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for the 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
Pfizer Inc, 2004 Stock Plan, as Amended and Restated is incorporated by reference from our 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
‘Amendment No. 1 to Pfizer 2004 Stock Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Pfizer Inc. 2014 Stock Plan is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
Amendment No. 1 to Pfizer Inc. 2014 Stock Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Form of Acknowledgment and Consent and Summary of Key Terms for Grants of RSUs, TSRUs, PPSs and PSAs is incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report ot
Form 10-Q for the period ended April 2, 2023.

Form of Executive Grant Letter is incorporated by reference from our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Pfizer Consolidated Supplemental Pension Plan for United States and Puerto Rico Employees is incorporated by reference from our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

‘Amendment No. 1 to the Pfizer Consolidated Supplemental Pension Plan for United States and Puerto Rico Employees is incorporated by reference from our 2018 Annual
Report on Form 10-K.

‘Amendment No. 2 to the Pfizer Consolidated Supplemental Pension Plan for United States and Puerto Rico Employees is incorporated by reference from our 2020 Annual
Report on Form 10-K.

Amendment No. 3 to the Pfizer Consolidated Supplemental Pension Plan for United States and Puerto Rico Employees is incorporated by reference from our 2022 Annual
Report on Form 10-K.

Amendment No. 4 to the Pfizer Consolidated Supplemental Pension Plan for United States and Puerto Rico Employees.
Pfizer Supplemental Savings Plan is incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-0 for the period ended April 3, 2016.

‘Amendment No. 1 to the Pfizer Supplemental Savir
10- for the period ended October 1, 2017.

1s Plan (Amended and Restated as of January 1, 2016), is incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Fort

Amendment No. 2 to the Pfizer Supplemental Savings Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

‘Amendment No. 3 to the Pfizer Supplemental Savings Plan is incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 201€
Amendment No. 4 to the Pfizer Supplemental Savings Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Amendment No. 5 to the Pfizer Supplemental Savings Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

‘Amendment No. 6 to the Pfizer Supplemental Savings Plan is incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2019.
Amendment No. 7 to the Pfizer Supplemental Savings Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

2023 Form 10-442


10.21

Amendment No. 8 to the Pfizer Supplemental Savings Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

‘Amendment No. 9 to the Pfizer Supplemental Savings Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Amendment No. 10 to the Pfizer Supplemental Savings Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

‘Amended and Restated Pfizer Inc. Global Performance Plan is incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 1, 2023,
Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2012 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

‘Amendment to Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan, dated June 20, 2013, is incorporated by reference from our 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

‘Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan, dated April 27, 2016, is incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
period ended July 3, 2016.

‘Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Amendment No, 4 to Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan,

‘Wyeth 2005 (403A) Deferred Compensation Plan (frozen as of January 2012), together with certain Amendments, is incorporated by reference from our 2013 Annual Repo
‘on Form 10-K.

‘Amendment No. 2 to Wyeth 2005 (409A) Deferred Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

‘Amended and Restated Wyeth Supplemental Employee Savings Plan (effective as of January 1, 2005 and frozen as of January 2012), together with all material Amendme
is incorporated by reference from our 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

‘Amendment to Amended and Restated Wyeth Supplemental Employee Savings Plan, dated June 20, 2013, is incorporated by reference from our 2013 Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

The form of Indemnification Agreement with each of our non-employee Directors is incorporated by reference from our 1996 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The form of Indemnification Agreement with each of the Named Executive Officers identified in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is
incorporated by reference from our 1997 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Letter to Frank A. D’Amelio regarding replacement pen
Report on Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2007.

n benefit dated August 22, 2007 is incorporated by reference from our Current

Pfizer Inc. Executive Severance Plan is incorporated by referenced from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2009.
‘Amendment No. 1 to the Pfizer Inc. Executive Severance Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
‘Amendment No. 2 to the Pfizer Inc. Executive Severance Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
‘Amendment No. 3 to the Pfizer Inc. Executive Severance Plan is incorporated by reference from our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Amendment No. 4 to the Pfizer Inc. Executive Severance Plan is incorporate by reference from our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Annual Retainer Unit Award Plan (for Non-Employee Directors) (frozen as of March 1, 2006) as amended, is incorporated by reference from our 2008 Annual Report on Fo
10-K.

Nonfunded Deferred Compensation and Unit Award Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended, is incorporated by reference from our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-

Form of Special Award Letter Agreement is incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8K filed on October 28, 2009.
Offer Letter to G. Mikael Dolsten, dated April 6, 2009, is incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 3, 2011.

Form of Special Performance-Based incentive Award Letter is incorporated by reference from our 2017 Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

Form of Special Performance-Based Incentive Grant Letter is incorporated by reference from our 2017 Annual Report on
Form 10K.

Pfizer Inc. 2019 Stock Plan is incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

‘Time Sharing Agreement, dated July 9, 2020, between Pfizer Inc. and Albert Bouria is incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period enc
June 28, 2020.

Pfizer Inc. Executive Officer Cash Severance Policy is incorporated by reference from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 2, 2023
Subsidiaries of the Company.

Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities.

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

Power of Attorney (included as part of signature page).

Certification by the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


EREE

Exhibit 101:
*101.INS.

*101.SCH
*101.CAL
“101.LAB
*101.PRE
*101.DEF
104

ITEM 16,

None.

Certification by the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Certification by the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Certification by the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Pfizer Inc. Recoupment Policy.

XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document

Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline
XBRL document,

FORM 10-K SUMMARY


SIGNATURES

Under the requirements of Section 13 or 15(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report was signed on behalf of the Registrant by the authorized person named below.
Pfizer Inc.

Dated: February 22, 2024 By: JS] MARGARET M. MADDEN

Margaret M. Madden
Senior Vice President and Corporate Secretary
Chief Governance Counsel

We, the undersigned directors and officers of Pfizer inc., hereby severally constitute Douglas M. Lankler and Margaret M. Madden, and each of them singly, our true and lawful
attorneys with full power to them and each of them to sign for us, in our names in the capacities indicated below, any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K filec
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Under the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report was signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date
indicated.

Signature Title Date
IS/_ ALBERT BOURLA Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director

Albert Bourla (Principal Executive Officer) February 20, 2024
ISI DAVID M. DENTON Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President

David M. Denton (Principal Financial Officer) February 20, 2024
ISI JENNIFER B. DAMICO Senior Vice President and Controller

Jennifer B. Damico (Principal Accounting Officer) February 20, 2024
IS} RONALD E. BLAYLOCK Director

Ronald E. Blaylock February 21, 2024
ISI SUSAN DESMOND-HELLMANN Director

‘Susan Desmond-Hellmann
February 21, 2024

1S! JOSEPH J. ECHEVARRIA Director
Joseph J. Echevai February 20, 2024
1S/_ SCOTT GOTTLIEB Director
Scott Gottlieb February 21, 2024
JS! HELEN H. HOBBS Director
Helen H. Hobbs February 20, 2024
IS] SUSAN HOCKFIELD Director
Susan Hockfield February 20, 2024
IS] DAN R. LITTMAN Director
Dan R. Littman February 20, 2024
IS! SHANTANU NARAYEN Director
‘Shantanu Narayen February 20, 2024
JS|_ SUZANNE NORA JOHNSON Director
‘Suzanne Nora Johnson February 20, 2024
ISI JAMES QUINCEY Director
James Quincey February 21, 2024
ISI JAMES C. SMITH Director
James C. Smith February 20, 2024

2023 Form 10-K

EXHIBIT 4.

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

As of February 22, 2024, Pfizer Inc, has common stack and its 1.000% Notes due 2027 (the “notes") registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. The following descriptions of our common stock and the notes are summaries and do not purport to be complete. The description of our common stock is subject to anc
qualified in its entirety by reference to our restated certificate of incorporation (the “Certificate of Incorporation’), and our bylaws, as amended (the “Bylaws"), and the description o
the notes is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the base indenture (as defined below) and the ninth supplemental indenture (as defined below), each of which ar
incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.25 is a part. We encourage you to read the Certificate of Incorporation, the Byla’
the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL"), the base indenture and the ninth supplemental indenture for additional information. References
this section to “Pfizer,” “we,” “us” and “our” are to Pfizer Inc., unless otherwise stated or the context so requires.

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK

Common Stock

Under the Certificate of Incorporation, we are authorized to issue up to 12 billion shares of common stock, par value $0.05 per share. The common stock is not redeemable, does
not have any conversion rights and is not subject to call. Holders of shares of common stock have no preemptive rights to maintain their percentage of ownership in future offering
or sales of our stock. Holders of shares of common stock have one vote per share in all elections of Directors and on all other matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. The
holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as and when may be declared from time to time by our Board of Directors, out of funds legally available therefor.
Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, the holders of common stock will be entitled to participate equally and ratably, in proportion to the number of shares held,
our net assets available for distribution to holders of common stock. The shares of common stock currently outstanding are fully paid and nonassessable. The common stock is
traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol “PFE.”

Preferred Stock

Under the Certificate of Incorporation, we are authorized to issue up to 27 million shares of preferred stock, without par value. The preferred stock may be issued in one or more
series, and the Board of Directors of Pfizer is expressly authorized (i) to fix the descriptions, powers, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations, and restrictions with respect to
any series of preferred stock and (i) to specify the number of shares of any series of preferred stock.

Anti-takeover Effects of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and Delaware Law

Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Various provisions contained in the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws could delay or discourage some transactions involving an
actual or potential change in control of us or a change in our management and may limit the ability of our stockholders to remove current management or approve transactions the
our stockholders may deem to be in their best interests. Among other things, these provisions:

‘+ limit the right of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders to holders of at least 10% of the total number of shares of stock entitled to vote on the matter to be
brought before the proposed special meeting;

+ authorize our Board of Directors to establish one or more series of preferred stock without stockholder approval;

+ authorize the Board of Directors to issue dividends in the form of stock purchase or similar rights, including rights that would have the effect of making an attempt to
acquire us more costly;

+ grant to the Board of Directors, and not to the stockholders, the sole power to set the number of Directors;

= require that any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be
effected by any consent in writing; and

+ subject to the rights of the holders of any one or more series of preferred stock then outstanding, allow our Directors, and not our stockholders, to fill vacancies on our
Board of Directors, including vacancies resulting from the removal of one or more Directors or an increase in the number of Directors constituting the whole Board of
Directors.

Delaware Law. We are a Delaware corporation and consequently are also subject to certain anti-takeover provisions of the DGCL. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 of tr
DGCL prevents a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with any “interested stockholder’ for three years following the date that the perso
became an interested stockholder, unless (a) the interested stockholder attained such status with the approval of the corporation's board of directors, (b) upon consummation of th
transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding a
the time the transaction commenced, exclusive of shares owned by directors who are also officers and by cerlain employee stock plans or (c) at or subsequent to such time, the
business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized by the affirmative vote at a


stockholders’ meeting, and not by written consent, of at least 66-2/3% of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. A “business combination”
includes, among other things, a merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the “interested stockholder” and the sale of more than 10% of the corporation's assets. in
general, an “interested stockholder’ is any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the corporation's outstanding voting stock, and any entity or person affiliated with o
controlling or controlled by such entity or person. Section 203 of the DGCL makes it more difficult for an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a
corporation for a three-year period. This statute could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts not approved in advance by our Board of Directors
and, as a result, could discourage attempts to acquire us, which could depress the market price of our common stock.

DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES

Reference should be made to the indenture dated as of January 30, 2001, between Pfizer and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly known as The Bank of New York), as
successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank (formerly known as The Chase Manhattan Bank), as trustee, which we refer to as the “base indenture,” as supplemented by the ninth
‘supplemental indenture, dated as of March 6, 2017, among Pfizer Inc., The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, and The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, as paying
agent, which we refer to as the “ninth supplemental indenture.” When we refer to the “indenture,” we mean the base indenture, as supplemented by the ninth supplemental
indenture. The following description is a summary of selected portions of the base indenture and the ninth supplemental indenture. It does not restate the base indenture or the nit
‘supplemental indenture, and those documents, not this description, define the rights of a holder of the notes.

Principal, Maturity and Interest

The notes were limited to €750,000,000 aggregate principal amount. The notes will mature on March 6, 2027. We issued the notes in denominations of €100,000 and in integral
multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof.

Interest on the notes accrues at the annual rate of 1.000%. Interest on the notes is payable on March 6 of each year. Interest on the notes is computed on the basis of the actual
number of days in the period for which interest is being calculated and the actual number of days from and including the last date on which interest was paid on the notes to, but
excluding, the next scheduled interest payment date. This payment convention is referred to as ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA) (as defined in the rulebook of the International Capital
Market Association).

We make each interest payment to the holders of record of the notes at the close of business on the 15th calendar day (whether or not a business day) preceding the relevant
interest payment date.

‘The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, acts as our paying agent with respect to the notes. Upon notice to the trustee, we may change any paying agent. Payments of
principal, interest and premium, if any, will be made by us through the paying agent to Euroclear Bank S.A,/N.V. (the “Euroclear Operator’), as operator of the Euroclear System
(‘Euroclear’) and/or Clearstream Banking, Société Anonyme, Luxembourg ("Clearstream") as described under “—Book-Entry.”

Issuance in Euros
Principal, premium, if any, and interest payments and additional amounts, if any, in respect of the notes are payable in euros.

If the euro is unavailable to us due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond our control or the euro is no longer used by the then member states of tt
European Monetary Union that have adopted the euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within the international banking community, then
payments in respect of the notes will be made in U.S. dollars until the euro is again available to us or so used. In such circumstances, the amount payable on any date in euros wi
be converted to U.S. dollars on the basis of the most recently available market exchange rate for euros, as determined by us in our sole discretion. Any payment in respect of the
notes so made in U.S. dollars does not constitute an event of default under the indenture or the notes. Neither the trustee nor the paying agent is responsible for obtaining exchar
rates, effecting conversions or otherwise handling redenominations.

Payment of Additional Amounts.

All payments in respect of the notes are made by or on behalf of us without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or
governmental charges of whatever nature, imposed or levied by the United States or any taxing authority thereof or therein, unless such withholding or deduction is required by la
If such withholding or deduction is required by law, we pay to a beneficial owner who is not a United States person such additional amounts on the notes as are necessary in orde
that the net payment of the principal of, and premium or redemption price, if any, and interest on, such notes to such beneficial owner, after such withholding or deduction (includir
any withholding or deduction on such additional amounts), will not be less than the amount provided in such notes to be then due and payable; provided, however, that the forego
obligation to pay additional amounts will not apply:

a) toany tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the beneficial owner, or a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or
shareholder of the beneficial owner if the beneficial owner is an estate, trust, partnership or corporation, or 2 person holding a power over an estate or trust administere:
by a fiduciary holder, being considered as (i) having a current or former connection with the United States (other than a connection arising solely as a result of the
‘ownership of such notes, the receipt of any payment or the enforcement of any rights thereunder), including being or having been a citizen or resident of the United Stal
or being or having been engaged in a trade or business in the United States or having or having had a permanent establishment in the United States; (ii) being a contro
foreign corporation related to Pfizer directly, indirectly or constructively through stock ownership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (ii) being an owner of a 10% or
greater interest in voting stock of Pfizer within the meaning of Section 87 1(h)(3) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code") or any successor
provision; or (iv) being a


bank receiving payments on an extension of credit made pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business;

b) to any holder that is not the sole beneficial owner of such notes, or a portion of such notes, or that is a fiduciary, partnership or limited liability company, but only to the
extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a beneficial owner or a member of the partnership or limited liability company would not have been entitle
to the payment of an additional amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner or member received directly from Pfizer its beneficial or distributive share of the
payment;

c) tony tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by reason of the holder's or beneficial owner's past or present status as a passive foreign investment
‘company, a controlled foreign corporation, a foreign tax exempt organization or a personal holding company with respect to the United States or as a corporation that
accumulates earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax;

d) to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the failure of the holder or beneficial owner of the applicable notes to
comply with any applicable certification, identification or information reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the United
States of the holder or beneficial owner of such notes, if compliance is timely requested by Pfizer and required by statute, by regulation of the United States or any taxin
authority therein or by an applicable income tax treaty to which the United States is a party as a precondition to exemption from such tax, assessment or other
governmental charge;

) tony tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed otherwise than by withholding or deducting from the payment,
f)  toany estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, wealth, capital gains or personal property tax or similar tax, assessment or other govemmental charge;

g) toany tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any paying agent from any payment of principal of or interest on any such note, if such
payment can be made without such withholding by at least one other paying agent in a Member State of the European Union;

h) _toany tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld solely by reason of a change in law, regulation, or administrative or judicial interpretati
that becomes effective more than 15 days after the payment becomes due or is duly provided for, whichever occurs later;

i) _ to any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the presentation by the holder of any note, where presentation is requir
for payment on a date more than 30 days after the date on which payment became due and payable or the date on which payment thereof is duly provided for, whichev
occurs later, except to the extent that the holder or beneficial owner thereof would have been entitled to additional amounts had the note been presented for payment o1
the last day of such 30 day period;

i) to any withholding or deduction that is imposed on a payment pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and related Treasury regulations and pronouncemer
or any successor provisions thereto (that are substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any regulations or official law, agreement o
interpretations thereof in any jurisdiction implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto; or

k) _ in the case of any combination of the above listed items.

Except as specifically provided under this heading "Payment of Additional Amounts,” we are not required to make any payment for any tax, duty, assessment or governmental
charge of whatever nature imposed by any government or a political subdivision or taxing authority of or in any government or political subdivision.

‘As used under this heading "Payment of Additional Amounts” and under the heading “Optional Redemption of Notes; Redemption for Tax Reasons; No Sinking Fund," the ten
“United States” means the United States of America, any state thereof, and the District of Columbia, and the term “United States person” means (i) any individual who is a citizen +
resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any
state thereof or the District of Columbia (other than a partnership that is not treated as a United States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes), (ii) any estate the income of
which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source, or (iv) any trust if a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and or
or more United States persons can control all substantial trust decisions, or if a valid election is in place to (reat the trust as a United States person.

Ranking

The notes are unsecured general obligations of Pfizer and rank equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of Pfizer from time to time outstanding.


Listing
The notes are listed on the NYSE. We have no obligation to maintain such listing, and we may delist the notes at any time.
Covenants

The indenture contains a provision that restricts our ability to consolidate with or merge into any other person or convey or transfer our properties and assets as an entirety or
substantially as an entirety to any other person. The indenture does not restrict our ability to convey or transfer our properties and assets other than as an entirety or substantially
an entirety to any other person. See “Article Vill - Consolidation, Merger, Conveyance or Transfer" in the base indenture. The indenture contains no other restrictive covenants,
including those that would afford holders of the notes protection in the event of a highly-leveraged transaction involving Pfizer or any of its affliates or other events involving us the
may adversely affect our creditworthiness or the value of the notes. The indenture also does not contain any covenants relating to total indebtedness, interest coverage, stock
repurchases, recapitalizations, dividends and distributions to shareholders, current ratios or acquisitions and divestitures. The notes do not have the benefit of covenants that rela
to subsidiary guarantees, liens and sale leaseback transactions that apply to other of our existing unsecured and unsubordinated notes.

Pfizer may, without the consent of the holders of notes of any series, issue additional notes having the same ranking and the same interest rate, maturity and other terms as the
notes of any series (except for the issue date and the public offering price). Any additional notes having such similar terms, together with the notes of the applicable series, will
constitute a single series of debt securities under the indenture. No additional notes of any series may be issued if an event of default has occurred with respect to the notes of thi
series. Pfizer will not issue any additional notes intended to form a single series with the notes of any series, unless such further notes will be fungible with all notes of the same
series for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

Optional Redemption of Notes; Redemption for Tax Reasons; No Sinking Fund

At our option, we may redeem the notes (together, the redemption notes), in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, prior to December 6, 2026 (three months prior to the
maturity date). The redemption price will be equal to the greater of the following amounts:

* 100% of the principal amount of the redemption notes being redeemed on the redemption date; and

+ the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the redemption notes being redeemed on that redemption date (not
including the amount, if any, of accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date) discounted to the redemption date on an annual basis at a rate equa
the sum of the Comparable Government Bond Rate plus 15 basis points;

plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the redemption notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the redemption date.

At any time on or after December 6, 2026 (three months prior to the maturity date), we may redeem the redemption notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100%
the principal amount of the redemption notes to be redeemed, plus in each case, accrued and unpaid interest on the redemption notes being redeemed to, but excluding, the
redemption date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on the applicable redemption notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption d
will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the applicable redemption notes and the
indenture. The redemption prices for the redemption notes will be calculated on the basis of a 365-day year or a 366-day year, as applicable, and the actual number of days elaps
We will mail notice of any redemption at least 10 days, but not more than 60 days, before the redemption date to each registered holder of the redemption notes to be redeemed.
Once notice of redemption is mailed, the redemption notes called for redemption will become due and payable on the redemption date al the applicable redemption price, plus
accrued and unpaid interest applicable to such redemption notes to, but excluding, the redemption date.

“Comparable Government Bond” means, in relation to any Comparable Government Bond Rate calculation, at the discretion of an Independent Investment Banker, a German
government bond whose maturity is closest to the maturity of the redemption notes to be redeemed, or if such independent investment bank in its discretion determines that such
similar bond is not in issue, such other German government bond as such Independent Investment Banker may, with the advice of three brokers of, and/or market makers in,
German government bonds selected by us, determine to be appropriate for determining the Comparable Government Bond Rate.

“Comparable Government Bond Rate” means the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards), at which the gross
redemption yield on the fixed rate notes to be redeemed, if they were to be purchased at such price on the third business day prior to the date fixed for redemption, would be equz
to the gross redemption yield on such business day of the Comparable Government Bond on the basis of the middle market price of the Comparable Government Bond prevailing
11:00 a.m. (London time) on such business day as determined by an Independent Investment Banker.

“Independent Investment Banker” means one of the Reference Treasury Dealers appointed by us to act as the “Independent Investment Banker.”
“Reference Treasury Dealer’ means each of Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Goldman, Sachs & Co. and J.P. Morgan Securities plc (or their respective affiliates that are Primar

‘Treasury Dealers), and their respective successors; provided, however, that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a broker or dealer of, and/or market maker in, German
government bonds (a “Primary Treasury Dealer”), we will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer.


On and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the redemption notes or any portion of the redemption notes called for redemption (unless we default in the
payment of the redemption price and accrued and unpaid interest). On or before the redemption date, we will deposit with a paying agent (or the trustee) money sufficient to pay t
redemption price of and accrued and unpaid interest on the redemption notes to be redeemed on that date. If fewer than all of the redemption notes are to be redeemed, the
redemption notes to be redeemed shall be selected by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, in the case of redemption notes represented by a global security, or by the trustee by a met!
the trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of redemption notes that are not represented by a global security.

The notes are not entitled to the benefit of a sinking fund.
Redemption for Tax Reasons

If, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated under the laws) of the United States (or any taxing authority thereof or therei
of any change in, or amendments to, an official position regarding the application or interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change or amendment is announced
becomes effective on or after February 28, 2017, we become or, based upon a written opinion of independent tax counsel of recognized ‘standing selected by us, will become
obligated to pay additional amounts as described herein under the heading “—Payment of Additional Amounts” with respect to any series of the notes, then we may at our option,
having given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice to holders, redeem, in whole, but not in part, the applicable series of notes at a redemption price equal to 100% ¢
the principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest (including any additional amounts) on such notes to, but excluding, the redemption date.

Book-Entry
Global Clearance and Settlement

The notes were issued in the form of one or more global notes in fully registered form, without coupons, and are deposited with, or on behalf of, a common depositary, and registe
in the name of the nominee of the common depositary, for, and in respect of interests held through, Euroclear and Clearstream. Except as described herein, certificates will not be

issued in exchange for beneficial interests in the global notes representing the notes.

Except as set forth below, the global notes representing the notes may be transferred, in whole and not in part, only to Euroclear or Clearstream or their respective nominees.

Beneficial interests in the global notes representing the notes are represented, and transfers of such beneficial interests are effected, through accounts of financial institutions acti
on behalf of beneficial owners as direct or indirect participants in Euroclear or Clearstream. Those beneficial interests are in denominations of €100,000 and integral multiples of
€1,000 in excess thereof. Investors may hold the notes direclly through Euroclear or Clearstream, if they are participants in such systems, or indirectly through organizations that :
participants in such systems.

For so long as any series of the notes is represented by a global note deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee for, a common depositary for Euroclear and/or
Clearstream, each person (ather than Euroclear or Clearstream) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream as the holder of a particular nomine
amount of the notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream as to the nominal amount of the notes standing to the account of any
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall upon their receipt of a certificate or other document be treated by Pfizer and the
trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of the notes and the registered holder of the global note representing such notes shall be deemed not to be the holder for all purpos
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of the notes, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant global note shall be
treated by Pfizer and the trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the global note representing the notes, and the
expressions “noteholder” and “holder of notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.

The information in this section concerning Euroclear and Clearstream Banking and their book-entry systems and procedures has been obtained from sources that we believe to b
reliable. We are not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of this information.

We have been advised by Clearstream and Euroclear, respectively, as follows:
Clearstream has advised that:
+ tis incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg and licensed as a bank and professional depositary. Clearstream holds securities for its participating organizations and

facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions among its participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of its participants, thereby
eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates.

+ Clearstream provides to its participants, among other things, services for safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and
securities lending and borrowing. Clearstream interfaces with domestic markets in several countries.

+ Clearstream has established an electronic bridge with the Euroclear Operator to facilitate the settlement of trades between the nominees of Clearstream and Euroclear.


+  Asaregistered bank in Luxembourg, Clearstream is subject to regulation by the Luxembourg Commission for the Supervision of the Financial Sector.

+ Clearstream customers are recognized financial institutions around the worl, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing
corporations and certain other organizations and may include the underwriters. Indirect access to Clearstream is also available to others, such as banks, brokers, deale
and trust companies that clear through, or maintain a custodial relationship with, a Clearstream participant, either directly or indirectly.

Distributions with respect to the notes held beneficially through Clearstream will be credited to cash accounts of Clearstream participants in accordance with its rules and
procedures.

Euroclear has advised that:

+ Iwas created in 1968 to hold securities for its participants and to clear and settle transactions between Euroclear participants through simultaneous electronic book-ent
delivery against payment, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates and any risk from lack of simultaneous transfers of securities and cash.

+ Euroclear includes various other services, including securities lending and borrowing and interfaces with domestic markets in several countries.

+ Euroclear is operated by the Euroclear Operator. All operations are conducted by the Euroclear Operator, and all Euroclear securities clearance accounts and Eurocleat
cash accounts are accounts with the Euroclear Operator.

+ Securities clearance accounts and cash accounts with the Euroclear Operator are governed by the Terms and Conditions Governing Use of Euroclear and the related
operating procedures of Euroclear, and applicable Belgian law (collectively, the “Terms and Conditions”). The Terms and Conditions govern transfers of securities and c:
within Euroclear, withdrawals of securities and cash from Euroclear, and receipts of payments with respect to securities in Euroclear. All securities in Euroclear are held
a fungible basis without attribution of specific certificates to specific securities clearance accounts, The Euroclear Operator acts under the Terms and Conditions only on
behalf of Euroclear participants, and has no records of or relationship with persons holding through Euroclear participants.

+ Euroclear participants include banks (including central banks), securities brokers and dealers and other professional financial intermediaries and may include the
underwriters. Indirect access to Euroclear is also available to other firms that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Euroclear participant, either direct!
or indirectly.

Distributions with respect to the notes held beneficially through Euroclear will be credited to the cash accounts of Euroclear participants in accordance with the Terms and
Conditions.

Euroclear and Clearstream Arrangements

So long as Euroclear or Clearstream or their nominee or their common depositary is the registered holder of the global notes representing the notes, Euroclear, Clearstream or su
nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the notes represented by such global notes for all purposes under the indenture and the notes.
Payments of principal, interest and additional amounts, if any, in respect of the global notes representing the notes are made to Euroclear, Clearstream, such nominee or such
‘common depositary, as the case may be, as registered holder thereof. Neither Pfizer nor the trustee, or any affiliate of any of the above or any person by whom any of the above i
controlled (as such term is defined in the Securities Act) has any responsibility or liability for any records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial ownership interest:
the global notes representing the notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

Distributions of principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect to the global notes representing the notes are credited in euros to the extent received by Euroclear or
Clearstream from the paying agent to the cash accounts of Euroclear or Clearstream customers in accordance with the relevant system's rules and procedures.

Because Euroclear and Clearstream can only act on behalf of participants, who in tum act on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in the global
notes representing the notes to pledge such interest to persons or entities which do not participate in the relevant clearing system, or otherwise take actions in respect of such
interest, may be affected by the lack of a physical certificate in respect of such interest.

Secondary Market Trading

Because the purchaser determines the place of delivery, it is important to establish at the time of trading of any notes where both the purchaser's and seller's accounts are locatec
ensure that settlement can be made on the desired value date.

We understand that secondary market trading between Clearstream and/or Euroclear participants occurs in the ordinary way following the applicable rules and operating procedu
of Clearstream and Euroclear. Secondary market trading is settled using procedures applicable to conventional eurobonds in global registered form.


The holder of the notes should be aware that investors are only able to make and receive deliveries, payments and other communications involving the notes through Clearstrean
and Euroclear on days when those systems are open for business. Those systems may not be open for business on days when banks, brokers and other institutions are open for
business in the United States.

In addition, because of time-zone differences, there may be problems with completing transactions involving Clearstream and Euroclear on the same business day as in the Unite
States. U.S. investors who wish to transfer their interests in the notes, or to make or receive a payment or delivery of the notes, on a particular day, may find that the transactions
not performed until the next business day in Luxembourg or Brussels, depending on whether Clearstream or Euroclear is used.

Clearstream or Euroclear credits payments to the cash accounts of Clearstream customers or Euroclear participants, as applicable, in accordance with the relevant system's rules
and procedures, to the extent received by its depositary. Clearstream or the Euroclear Operator, as the case may be, takes any other action permitted to be taken by a holder und
the indenture on behalf of a Clearstream customer or Euroclear participant only in accordance with its relevant rules and procedures.

Clearstream and Euroclear have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfers of he notes among participants of Clearstream and Euroclear. However, they a
under no obligation to perform or continue to perform those procedures, and they may discontinue those procedures at any time.

Exchange of Global Notes for Certificated Notes

Subject to certain conditions, the notes represented by the global notes are exchangeable for certificated notes in definitive form of like tenor in
principal amount and multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof if:

imum denominations of €100,¢

+ the common depositary notifies us that it is no longer willing or able to act as a depositary for such global notes or ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the
Exchange Act and we fail to appoint a successor common depositary within 90 days;

+ anevent of default has occurred and is continuing and the common depositary requests the issuance of certificated notes; or
* we determine not to have the notes represented by a global note.

In all cases, certificated notes delivered in exchange for any global rote or beneficial interest therein will be registered in the names, and issued in any approved deno:
requested by or on behalf of the common depositary (in accordance with its customary procedures).

Payments (including principal, premium and interest) and transfers with respect to the notes in certificated form may be executed at the office or agency maintained for such purpt
in London (initially the corporate trust office of the paying agent) or, at our option, by check mailed to the holders thereof at the respective addresses set forth in the register of
holders of the notes (maintained by the registrar), provided that ali payments (including principal, premium and interest) on the notes in certificated form, for which the holders
thereof have given wire transfer instructions, are required to be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the holders thereof. No service
charge is made for any registration of transfer, but payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge payable in connection with such registration may be
required.

Modification of Indenture

Under the indenture, the rights of the holders of the notes may be modified through a supplemental indenture if the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the
outstanding notes of all series affected by the modification (voting as one class) consent to it. No modification of the maturity date or principal or interest payment terms, no
modification of the currency for payment, no impairment of the right to sue for the enforcement of payment at the maturity of the debt security, no modification of any conversion
rights, no modification reducing the percentage required for any such supplemental indenture or the percentage required for the waiver of certain defaults, and no modification of 1
foregoing provisions or any other provisions relating to the waiver of past defaults or the waiver of certain covenants, is effective against any holder without its consent.

Events of Default
Each of the following will constitute an Event of Default under the indenture with respect to the notes of the applicable series:
+ we fail to make the principal or any premium payment on any note when due;
+ we fail to make any sinking fund payment for 60 days after payment was due by the terms of any note;
+ we fail to pay interest on any note for 60 days after payment was due;
+ we fail to perform any other covenant in the indenture and this failure continues for 90 days after we receive written notice of it; or
+ we, ora court, take certain actions relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of our company.

A default under our other indebtedness will not be a default under the indenture for the notes, and a default under one series of the notes will not necessarily be a default under
another series. The trustee may withhold notice to the holders of notes of the applicable series of any default


(except for defaults that involve our failure to pay principal or interest) ifit considers such withholding of notice to be in the best interests of the holders.

If an Event of Default with respect to outstanding notes of any series occurs and is continuing, then the trustee or the holders of at least 33% in principal amount of outstanding nc
of thal series may declare, in a written notice, the principal amount (or, if any of the notes of that series are original issue discount securities, such portion of the principal amount «
such notes) plus accrued and unpaid interest on all notes of that series to be immediately due and payable. At any time after a declaration of acceleration with respect to notes of
any series has been made, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding notes may rescind and annul the acceleration if:

+ the holders act before the trustee has obtained a judgment or decree for payment of the money due;

+ we have paid or deposited with the trustee a sum sufficient to pay overdue interest and overdue principal other than the accelerated interest and principal; and

+ we have cured or the holders have waived all Events of Default, other than the non-payment of accelerated principal and interest with respect to notes of that series, as
provided in the indenture.

Ifa default in the performance or breach of the indenture shall have occurred and be continuing, the holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the outstanding note
of all series affected thereby, by notice to the trustee, may waive any past Event of Default or its consequences under the indenture. However, an Event of Default cannot be waiv
with respect to any series of notes in the following two circumstances:

+ afailure to pay the principal of, and premium, if any, or interest on any security or in the payment of any sinking fund installment; or

+ a covenant or provision that cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each holder of outstanding notes of that series.

Other than its duties in case of a default, the trustee is not obligated to exercise any of its rights or powers under the indenture at the request, order or direction of any holders,
unless the holders offer the trustee reasonable indemnity. Holders of a majority in principal amount outstanding of any series of notes may, subject to certain limitations, direct the
time, method and place of conducting any proceeding or any remedy available to the trustee, or exercising any power conferred upon the trustee, for such applicable series of not

We are required to deliver an annual officers’ certificate to the trustee, stating whether we are in default in the performance and observance of any of the terms, provisions and
conditions of the indenture, and, if we are in default, specifying all such defaults and the nature and status thereof.

Defeasance
When we use the term defeasance, we mean discharge from some or all of our obligations under the indenture. Subject to certain additional conditions, if we irrevocably deposit v
the trustee sufficient cash or government securities to pay the principal, interest, any premium and any other sums due to the stated maturity date or a redemption date of the note
of a particular series, then at our option:

+ we will be discharged from our obligations with respect to the notes of such series; or

* we will no longer be under any obligation to comply with certain restrictive covenants under the indenture, and certain events of default will no longer apply to us.

To exercise our defeasance option, we must deliver to the trustee an officer's certificate and an opinion of counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent related to the
defeasance have been complied with.


EXHIBIT 10.
Amendment No. 4

Pfizer Consolidated Sup; r nited States and
Puerto Rico Employees
(Amended and Restated December 31, 2016)

1. Article 5 of Part A: Administrative and General Sections Applicable To Alll Participants, is amended to add new Section 5.3 to the end thereof to read as follows:

5.3__Annuity Contracts.

‘Notwithstanding any other provision in this Plan assets from any Rabbi Trust may be used to purchase from one or more insurance companies one or more group
annuity contracts for the benefit of certain Members meeting criteria designated by the Retirement Committee or the Investment SubCommittee of the Plan Assets
Committee, and each of such Committees’ Members is_authorized and empowered to take or cause to be taken any and all actions deemed necessary, advisable or
‘appropriate to provide for the purchase of annuities for certain Members and the transfer of the administration of any current or future group annuity contracts,

2. Article 5 of Part B: Provisions Applicable To The Pfizer Sub-Plan, is amended to add new Section 5.10 to the end thereof to read as follows:

3.10 In-s ive Ben

fn elible Partipant (as defined herein) may make a one-tme election (‘Active Benefit Election for an insenice transfer of the full unt
sum val red Benefit under this Plan to the PSSP in accordance 19:

(2) AParticipant shall be eligible to elect an Active Benefit Transfer if he: (i) has either attained age 65 or has a sum of his age and his years.
Creditable Service (whether partial or complete) that equals or exceeds 90 (“Rule of 90") before August 1, 2023; (i) has a NonGrandfathered Benefit under
this Part B of the Plan; and (iii) does not have an annuity election on file for payment of his NonGrandfathered benefit under Part B of the Plan as of June 4
2023.

(3) TheActive Benefit Transfer amount shall be determined in accordance with the actuarial assumptions used to determine lump sum
distributions payable as of the August 1, 2023 benefit determination date under the provisions of this Part B of the Plan, No interest adjustment will be add
tothe lump sum distribution due tothe time that elanses. belween the Auaust1. ..2023 benefit determination date and the transfer date (which will occur as
soon as administratively possible following the effective date of the Active Benefit Election),

aos Ihe Act ive Benefit Transfer, luting, tut ute investment returns thereon, cull thereafter be subject to the terms of the PSSP. except that.

cd fro) P at the sar form that such amo id have been distributed from this Part B of the Plan had

transfer a been seed a thout regard to any addiional ee ions payable to such Paricjont from the PSSP.

(5) AnActive Benefit Election must be made by July 20, 2023, and shall become effective on August 1, 2023, Notwithstanding the foregging,
the event that the Company's Senior Vice President of Total Rewards, Vice President of Global Benefits, or Director of U.S. Retirement Plan Ber
determines, in such person's sole discretion, that data processing errors result in a failure to identify eligible Members or prevent eligible Members from
teceiving nolice or electing at the same time as the other eligible Members, then such person, in their sole discretion, may extend the deadline.

3. Article 5 of Part E: Provisions Applicable To The Wyeth Sub-Plan, is amended to add new Section 5.8 to the end thereof to read as follows:


In-Service Active Bene!

CO) An eligible Participant (as defined herein) may make a one-time election (“Active Benefit Election’) for an in-service transfer of the full lump sum val
of his NonGr Pi of ti lan to the PSSP in accordance
under this Part E of the Plan: and (3) does not have an annuity election on file for payment of his NonGrandfathered benefit under Part E of the Plan as of June 15, 202
(ii) The Active Benefit Transfer amount shall be determined in accordance with the actuarial assumptions used to determine lump sum distributions

payable as the August 1, 2023 benefit determination date under the provisions of Part E of the Plan, No interest adjustment will be added to the lump sum distribution di
to the time that elapses between the August 1, 2023 benefit determination date and the transfer date (which will occur as soon as administratively possible following the
effective date of the Active Benefit Election).

The Active Benefit Transfer. including future investment returns thereon, shall thereafter be subject to the terms of the PSSP, except that it shall be
distributed from the PSSP al the same time and in the same form that such amount would have been distributed from this Part E of the Plan had the transfer not been
elected, without regard to any additional distributions payable to such Participant from the PSSP.

tiv) An Active Benefit Election must be made by July 202023, and shall become effective on August 1.2023, Notwithstanding the foregoing. in the eve
that the Company's Senior Vice President of Total Rewards, Vice President of Global Benefits, or Director of U.S. Retirement Plan Benefits determines, in such person’:
‘sole discretion, that data processing errors results in a failure to identify eligible Participants or prevent eligible Participants from receiving notice or electing at the same

time as the other eligible Participants, then such person, in their sole discretion, may extend the deadline.


EXHIBIT 10.

Pfizer Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan,
as Amended and Restated, effective January 1, 2008 with clarifications adopted January 1, 2012

Article 1. Purpose

4.1. Pfizer Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company’), established, effective as of December 1, 1997, a deferred compensation plan for key employees as described herein
which shall be known as the “Pfizer Deferred Compensation Plan’ (the “Plan’). The Plan is hereby amended and restated as of January 1, 2008 to continue to permit eligible
Employees to defer receipt of certain compensation pursuant to the terms and provisions set forth below. The Plan is intended (1) to comply with Section 409A (as defined below)
(except with respect to amounts covered by Appendix A), and (2) to be “a plan which is unfunded and is maintained by an employer primarily for the purpose of providing deferred
compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees’ within the meaning of sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA. Notwithstanding an
other provision of this Plan, this Plan shall be interpreted, operated and administered in a manner consistent with these intentions. In order to clarify certain provisions applicable t
mandatorily deferred awards with respect to certain employees subject to Section 162(m) of the Code, the Plan is hereby restated to incorporate such applicable provisions as
previously adopted by the Company.

4.2. Purpose. The purpose of the Plan is to provide certain employees of the Company with the opportunity to voluntarily defer a portion of their compensation, subject to the
terms of the Plan. By adopting the Plan, the Company desires to enhance its ability to attract and retain key employees.

Article 2. Defini

tions:
Whenever used herein, the following terms when capitalized shall have the meaning set forth below:

“Account” means a bookkeeping account established by the Company for each Participant electing to defer eligible Compensation under the Plan.

“Affliate” means any corporation or other entity that is treated as a single employer with the Company under section 414 of the Code.

“Award” means the Annual Incentive Plan Award or the Global Performance Plan Award based on an assessment of performance, payable by the Company toa
Participant for the Participant's services during a given calendar year of the Company under the Pfizer Inc. Executive Annual Incentive Plan, Pfizer Inc. Annual Incentive Plan ot
the Pfizer Inc. Global Performance Plan, as may be in effect from time to time or the Short-Term Shift Award payable by the Company pursuant to the Company's Executive Lot
term Incentive Program. Awards shall be deemed eared only upon formal announcement thereof by the Company.

“Board” or "Board of Directors” means the Board of Directors of the Company.

“Change in Control” shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i) at any time during a two-year period, at least a majority of the Company's Board of Directors shall cease to consist of “Continuing Directors” (meaning directors of t
‘Company who either were directors at the beginning of such two-year period or who subsequently became directors and whose election, or nomination for
election by the Company's stockholders, was approved by a majority of the then Continuing Directors); or

(i) any “person” or “group” (as determined for purposes of Section 13(4)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), except any majority-owned subsidiary of the
‘Company or any employee benefit plan of the Company or any trust or invest ment manager thereunder, shall have acquired “beneficial ownership" (as
determined for purposes of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) Regulation 13d-3) of shares of Common Stock of the Company having 15% or
more of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company, unless such acquisition is approved by a majority of the directors of the
‘Company in office immediately preceding such acquisition; or

(ii) a merger or consolidation occurs to which the Company is a party, whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation, in which outstanding shares of Comm,
Stock of the Company are converted into shares of another company (other than a conversion into shares of voting common stock of the successor corporatior
a holding company thereof representing 80% of the voting power or all capital stock thereof outstanding immediately after the merger or consolidation) or other
securities (of either the Company or another company) or cash or other property; or

(iv) the sale of all, or substantially all, of the Company's assets occurs; or

(v)_ the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company.

“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

“Committee” means the Compensation Committee of the Board or the Executive Leadership Team, as appropriate, and any successor thereto or properly authorized
delegate thereof.

“Company” means Pfizer Inc., a Delaware corporation (including any and all subsidiaries), and any successor thereto.


poseyue yueweesBe Aue pue Ue|¢j aly Jo SUOMIPUCD pUE SWE} a\N (UIOJ0Y 6 e/9ILY JO SUOISIAOUd OY) OF

afgns) puawe oj ‘uonessiuiwpe s,Ue}¢j a4) 10) suone|nGas pue SejnJ axleM JO ‘PUBLE ‘YSIIqEIS® O} ‘Ue}g OL) JOPUN o}U! pazajUE ]YaLUNA|SUT Jo jUaWeale Aue yeudsajU! pue anyySUOD

‘0} me] £q papinoid aswuayjo se jdaoxe ‘suossed je Uo BuIpulg pUe @alsnjoucd aq j|eYS UON|eUIULa}ap Yons Aue PUR ‘SUOISIAO!d UE SwHHa) UIA IYANOP 40 payndsip anujsuoo

01 1Y6u 84) SuIpnjpU! Lejg a4) Jo UOHe}e:ds9qUI 10 LONONY}SUCD ‘UONENSIUILUpe ey) UI uISLE SUOHEUIWE.Ep IIE ‘ONALDSIP e105 Sp UI ‘ayew 0} ‘UEIG au) Ut UOHEdIOMed s,eako\dW3
29 JO SUOH!PUOD pue SUA} axg BUIWUETAP 0} !UE}g AY) UI LONEdIORIEd 10} seaXo|du!3 199)95 0} UONa:DSIp anIsnjoxo aU) eney I|EYS BBN !WWOD ey) ‘UIVaY sUOIs\AoId By) 0} Jo9!GNS

“WOSSBOONS JBY JO SIU JO ‘SPIEMAY [2}OJ "WWAPISA1g 801A JOIUSS BY) 0} UE|q BU) JepUN SaqNp sAnessivIWpe ayy payeBalsp Sey sayWWOD a4] “UE|q BUY) JB)SIUIWIPE 0} eayIWWOT
Jossacons @ ujodde Kew sen|WUlod eu) ‘Ue|d SIy} Jo Swe} aU) 0} JDalgng “eaYLUUIOD sy) Aq Pa1aysIUIUIpe aq AIJENIU! JIEYS UEIq OY] “BeRIWWOD oY) Jo AWOWINY Le

uOHeAS|UUpY “¢ ay
“Bunsen uodn uejd au OU! pauejep AyOJepUeW 2q IM S{UN 4001S PE}OUISeY 194 10 SIy PUE apOD ay) JO (w)zZ9L UONDES

0} yo2lgns aq 0 pawnsse oq jes exoge 10 gf eper6 si oym oahodw Aue 'Z10z ‘| Aleruqa exljoay3 “UONINpap ay) ansesaid o} Jepi0 UI Aa\JOd xe) S,{UEdUIOD ou) O} JUeNsInd
eid 84) OjU! pauajep Apo}epUEW a1e YoIYM epoD AUN JO (wi)Z9L UOND9g 0} JDeIGNS eafojdu!y Ue Aq PIOY SUN HOOIS PA}OWISeY SURO .S)UN HIOIS PeloUiseY (w)ZOL,

quedionsed au Jo 011409 ay) puoKag sjuans Jo ynsay e se Busue
UE}sWiNosIo alqeeasaloun pue ALeUIPOB!)xe JEIIUIS JOYO JO ‘Ayjenseo 0} anp Ayadoid sjuEdOIVed ay) Jo sso} ‘juedioieg a4) Jo ((e)ZsL UONDes apod UI pauysp se) Juepuadap
210 ‘asnods sjuedioeg oy) "Uedo|Weq ayy Jo JUapIo9e 10 Ssauy! Ue Woy BuyInsas juediomed e 0} diyspiey je!ueUY e1aAes e SURDW! ADUABIOW aIQeaaSa10)UN,

“VeOP UoNDaS Jo GulueeW 24) LIYTIM ,2o1MIES WOH) LOREIEdaS, e SURDW ,201K19g Woy UONeIedas,
“eoeg enuanay jewequl 40 Ainseed, *S'7 ey) Aq sepunasey pans} eauepinS seyjO pue SuONe|nBes 84) PUE POD a4) JO YEO YOHDES SUEDW .yEOr UONDeS,

“sesuadxe jo jawasinquuies 40 premo} juawhed se Auedwiog ey) Aq payeubisep sjunowe Jo
Jemo}re ‘uoNesuadwoo anquadut Jo ‘spreMe ‘sa9j jeloads Ja\jo ‘siNOKed PIEMy eAKUBDU! Wal -BU07 ‘sPUEMY Aue Jo aaisnjoxe ‘Jeak JepuateD ay BUUNp Palapuas 2q 0} SBDIAIeS
juedoqed e 0} yseo U! a\geked ‘Auedwon et Jo ue|d JeYjO AU 40 Ue} a4) 0} JUENSINd paxi9j—p sjuNoWE 40} UoYaNpas a10Jeq ‘saBem aIseq ‘ieInBa je sueaw ,ALe|eS,

“swun
yoolg pajouisey (w)zot yjIM eekojdwy Ue Jo ‘A} BPIY JepuN sjeWajep ayew pue UeIg oY) U! a}edIO]ed O} payDale Sey OYm eao|dww3 e/Q!BI}9 UE SUA ,jJUEdOMEY,

“yseo 10 20)s Auedwiog jo seveus
40 YSBO UI SUN 901g Pa}UISAY Jo ‘SpieMY a1eYS eQUEWHOYad 'spIEMY a1eYS JUa6UNLOD-sdUEWOLaY AUF Jo Sjnoked SUEDW ,sjNOKeg PIEMY BANUBDU] Ww9}-6U07,

“saakodw

hoy a1e saeKojdwie yoiym Bululweyep Jo sasodund 40) ajep aayoaye pue uoNedyluep! ennewuaye ue dope 'yEOr UONIES JepuN Bigemojre spoyeW eIqissmUJed axyeUa}Ie OU}

dun ‘Kew eapiWWoD ayy ‘BuI0Be105 ay) BUIPUEISYIMJON ‘Blep UONEDYNUBP! oy} BUIMOIO} BJep OANDEYO 1x1. YOLEN B\N UO BUILUIGeG Pouad YYUOW-Z} oY) 40} eA2eYO 0q 1leYS oVeP

soneoyjuap! yons Aue Jo se seekojdwi3 Koy Jo Gunsi} ou pue Je ueld Aue Ut waz Azenuge Jo ajep UoNeoyAUap! Ue BuIsn YEO UOHDAg YI!m eouEpIODNe UI PaUIUUa}EP eq I1e4S
seafoidwi3 fey ‘(1)(a Ze) v60¥ UoIDEg apod JepUN so1AJEg Woy LONeLedas Jal JO siy Jo Se ,2akojduva payloads, e se payean aeojdwy Ue suBaW ,eakojdW3 Key),

“y xipuaddy u! yo} yas sajny oNNqUIsip ayy 0} yoafqns
ale siyauag paayie;puesD "YEO? UONDeS Jo BuIUeOW oY) UNM OOZ "LE 48qwWDeK JO Se Person pUe Pa~lED a19M Jey) SIY>UAG UE} SUEELH ,s|yaUEG PALEUTEIPUEID,

“yuow snowed oy) 40} yueR eniasey le1ape au) Woy aey AINsee!) *s'n AyUNjeU ue}SUCD JeAA-pF a4) SUEAU! ,2}ey WNHa}-BUO7 jelepe4,
‘popuawe se 'y61 40 WY Andes ewWODU| JUsWONEY oakojdWIZ ay suE>W ,WSINR,
“L'p uonoag sapun uonediomed 10) paroajas uaaq sey oym Auedwwog aly jo aakojduse pauiejes e sueaw ,sakojdw3,
“saafojdwy sianoo jeu) ueld yjjeay pue uapiooe Ue JapuN syUOW aasy) LeU) SS9} JOU Jo pouad e 40}
yauag juewesesdes ewosu! BulAleoas ‘syjUoW ZL UeY $S9} JOU Jo Pou|d SnonUNUOD e 10} }Se] 0} pa}2adxe 8q UeD JO YieEP Ul JjNSeJ 0} pa}sadxe eq UeD YOIYM juaWUIEdWH jeEJUaW
Jeo\skyd ajqeusayap Ayeoipaws Aue jo uosees Aq ‘s} (z) ‘syUoW Z| UEYY SS9] JOU Jo Poad SONOS e 404 ySe] 0} Pe!2edxe aq UeD 10 Yeap UI yNS=1 0} payedxe aq WED YOIYM
Juawsjedu! jejuaLs 10 jeaIshyd ajqeumayep Ajjeoipew Aue Jo Uosead Aq Ayanoe (nyule jenueysqns ue ul aBeGus 0} aiqeun si (|) ueded e eym sueaW ,AINGeSIC,,
UR] ayy JapuN sjuNoWe Jajap 0} 199) Kew eaAojdw a/q!6y@ Ue YoIYM 0} JUENSUNd Bay!WWOD ay) Aq papinold WHO) LYM B SUBEW ,WO4 UO}DA/3 /2/9}0Q,
“jouked °s’7,e uo Bulurewas pue ssa} 40 Skep o¢ Jo juaWUBsse Asesodw9}

Uo ssalun) “S"7 au) Jo apisino seoinias 10) paiuea uoyesuaduiod BuIpnjour you ‘pouad paylzads e Buunp Bunyiom alum pauoyad seoivies 0) padseu ym yuedioMed e O}
Igeked aie yorum ‘velg ay) spun ex1@jap 10} @/q16y9 @q Ae YoIyM sjuewAed JeYo pue ‘spIemy enjUBdU Wa|-BU07 ‘spuemy ‘Auees SsO16 ay sueaW! uONesuadwWOD,

into under the Plan; and to make other determinations which may be necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee mz
delegate any or all of its authority granted under the Plan to one or more executives of the Company. The Committee has delegated review authority to the Senior Vice President,
Total Rewards.

3.2. Claims Procedure. If a request for benefits by a Participant or beneficiary is wholly or partially denied, the Committee will provide such claimant written notice setting fort
the denial. The Committee has delegated such claims review authority to the executive compensation staff. A review procedure is available upon written notice of the denial of the
claim, and includes the right to examine pertinent documents and submit issues and comments in writing to the Committee. The decision on review will be made within 90 days af
receipt of the request for review, unless circumstances warrant an extension of time not to exceed an additional 90 days and shall be in writing. If a decision on review is not made
within such period, the Participant's claim shall be deemed denied.

3.3. Decisions Binding. All determinations and decisions of the Committee as to any disputed question arising under the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all
parties,

Article 4, Eligibility and Participation

4.1 Eligibility. Employees eligible to participate in the Plan include solely those executives selected by the Committee in its sole discretion who comprise a select group of
“management or highly compensated employees,” such that the Plan will qualify for treatment as a “Top hat” plan within the meaning of Sections 201, 301 and 401 of ERISA.

In the event a Participant no longer meets the requirements for participation in the Plan, such Participant shall become an inactive Participant, retaining all the rights described
under the Plan, except the right to make any further deferrals, until such time as the Participant again becomes an active Participant.

4.2. Participation. Participation in the Plan shall be determined annually by the Committee based upon the criteria set forth in Section 4.1 herein. Subject to Section 4.3,
Employees who are chosen to participate in the Plan with respect to any given year shall be so notified in writing in advance of any required time to property elect deferral for suct

year.

43. Partial Year Eligibility. In the event that an Employee first becomes eligible to participate in the Plan or another account balance plan required to be aggregated with this
Plan under Section 409A during a calendar year, in the sole discretion of the Committee, such Employee may be notified as soon as practicable in writing by the Company and
provided with a “Deferral Election Form,” (or such other form approved by the Committee from time to time in accordance with Section 409A for the purpose of making elections tc
defer Compensation under the Plan) which must be completed by the Employee as set forth in Section .2 herein.

4.4 No Right to Participate. No Employee shall have the right to be selected as a Participant, or, having been so selected for any given year, to be selected again as a
Participant for any other year.

Article 5. Deferral Opportunity and Distributions

5.1 Amount Which May Be Deferred. A Participant may elect to defer up to one hundred percent (100%) of eligible components of Compensation, including but not limited t
Salary, Awards and Long-Term Incentive Award Payouts, in any given year; provided, that the Committee shall have sole discretion to designate which components of Compensal
are eligible for deferral elections under the Plan in any such year, and such Compensation shall not include any stock, stock option, stock appreciation right or other equity-based
compensation which is not treated as deferred compensation pursuant to Treas. Reg. §1.409A-1(a)(5) or other applicable authority. The minimum amount of any single eligible
component of Compensation (other than Performance Share Awards) which may be deferred in any given year is ten percent (10%) of each such component; provided that the
minimum amount of Performance Share Awards that can be deferred in any year is twenty five percent (25%). In addition, an election to defer Compensation in any given year mt
be expressed by each Participant in increments of ten percent (10%) of the applicable component of Compensation, except that Performance Share Awards must be deferred in
25% increments. Any equity-based compensation which is deferred into the Plan, including 162(m) Restricted Stock Units, shall (i) be deferred into the Plan in the form of Compat
common stock, (2) effective with respect to equity-based Compensation, including 162(m) Restricted Stock Units, deferred on or after December 31, 2007, shall remain “notionall)
invested in the Company common stack (and shall accrue dividend equivalents, as applicable), and(3) upon distribution, shall be payable in only Company common stock.

5.2. Deferral Election. in order to elect to defer Compensation earned during a year, an eligible Employee shall fle an irrevocable Deferral Election Form with the Committee
before the beginning of such year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) if the Committee determines that any component of Compensation qualifies as “performance-based
compensation” under Section 409A, an eligible Employee may elect to defer a portion of such Compensation by filing a Deferral Election Form at such later time up until the date
months before the end of the performance period as permitted by the Committee, and (2) in the first year in which an Employee becomes eligible to participate in this Plan or any
other account balance plan required to be aggregated with this Plan under Section 409A, a deferral election may be made with respect to services to be performed subsequent to
the election and within the same year only if such election is made within 30 days affer the date the Employee first becomes eligible to participate in this or any other account
balance plan required to be aggregated with this Plan under Section 409A.

Participants shall make the following irrevocable elections on each “Deferral Election Form”:
(a) The amount to be deferred with respect to each eligible component of Compensation for the specified year;

(b) The length of the deferral period with respect to each eligible component of Compensation or the date or event upon which the Compensation is to be paid in the
future, pursuant to the terms of Section 5.3 and 5.4 herein;


(c)_ The form or method for payment of the Compensation; and
(a) Prior to 2011, the form or method for payment of the Compensation to a beneficiary in the event of the death of the Participant as designated in Section 6.4.

5.3 Length of Deferral. Subject to the remaining Sections of this Article 5, the deferral period elected by each Participant with respect to deferrals of Compensation for any
given year will begin upon deferral and end as selected by the Participant on a Deferral Election Form from among the following choices as specified by the Committee from time
time:

(a) upon the Participant's Separation from Service;
(b) upon on a specific date identified by the Participant; or
(c) the earlier of (a) or (b).

If a Participant elected to defer Compensation but fails to select a length of deferral, the Participant shall be deemed to have elected (a), to be payable on January 31 of th
year following (a). Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5.3 to the contrary, a specified date for a deferral period must be at least one (1) year following the end of the calendar
year in which the Compensation is earned and no later than five (5) years following the Participant's retirement unless a specific date is designated.

With respect to 162(m) Restricted Stock Units, the deferral period will begin upon the vesting date and end upon the earlier of (i) when the Participant is no longer subject
Section 162(m) of the Code, or (ii) the January 31* following the Participant's termination of employment (but paid no earlier than the first day following the sixth month anniversar
of such termination of employment).

5.4. Form or Method for Payment of the Compensation. A Participant shall elect on a Deferral Election Form to have the portion of his or her Account related to amounts
deferred under the Deferral Election Form (and earnings thereon) distributed in a lump sum or in annual installments over a period of no less than 2, and no more than 15, years \
payments commencing upon the Participant's Separation from Service or specified date as elected by the Participant on the Deferral Election Form. If the Participant fails to elect
form and method of payment on the Deferral Election Form, the form and method shall be a single lump sum.

5.5 Cancellation of Election for Disability or Distribution for Unforeseeable Emergency. If a Participant incurs a Disability or obtains a distribution under Section 5.3 on
account of an Unforeseeable Emergency during a year, his or her deferral election for such year shall be cancelled.

5.6 Distribution upon Separation from Service or upon a Specified Date. If a Participant has elected on a Deferral Election Form to have the portion of his or her Account
related to amounts deferred under the Deferral Election Form (and earnings thereon) paid to the Participant upon a Separation from Service, upon a specified date, or upon the
earlier of the specified date or Separation from Service, then the Distribution shall commence upon such Separation from Service or the specified date, as applicable, and be mad
in the manner specified in Section 5.4.

5.7 Delay for Key Employees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, distributions may not be made to a Key Employee upon a Separation from Service before the date which is 6
months after the date of the Key Employee's Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the date of death of the Key Employee). Any payments that would otherwise be made during tt
period of delay shall be accumulated and paid as of the date that is six months after the Participant's Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the first day of the month after the
Participant's death).

5.8 Distribution upon Disability. Notwithstanding the election made by a Participant on a Deferral Election Form under Sections 5.2, 5.3 and 5.4, if a Participant incurs a
Disability while in payment status, but before full distribution of his or her Account balance, any remaining Account balance shall continue to be distributed in accordance with the
Participant's election made on the Deferral Election Form under Sections 5.2, 5.3 and 5.4 hereof. If a Participant incurs a Disability prior to commencing receipt of any portion of h
or her Account balance, the Participant's Account balance shall be distributed in accordance with the Participant's election made on the Deferral Election Form under Sections 5.2
5.3 and.5.4 hereof.

5.9 Distributions upon Death. Distributions of the portion of a Participant's Account remaining in the Participant's Account at the Participant's death (and earnings thereon)
shall be made in a lump sum. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to affect, modify, alter or otherwise amend elections made pursuant to Deferral Election Forms that beca!
effective prior to 2011 (each, a “Pre-Existing Election”), which shall continue to be honored with respect to the portion of his or her Account attributable to such Pre-Existing Electic
and remaining in the Account at the Participant's death.

5.10 Withdrawals for Unforeseeable Emergency. Notwithstanding the election made by a Participant on a Deferral Election Form under Sections 5.2, 5.3 and 5.4, upon the
occurrence of an Unforeseeable Emergency, a Participant may withdraw all or any portion of his or her Account balance provided that the amounts distributed with respect to an
Unforeseeable Emergency may not exceed the amounts necessary to satisfy such Unforeseeable Emergency plus amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a
result of the distribution, after taking into account the extent to which such hardship is or may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise or by
liquidation of the Participant's assets (to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship) or by cessation of deferrals under the Plan.
“Unforeseeable Emergency” means for this purpose a severe financial hardship to a Participant resulting from an illness or accident of the Participant, the Participant's spouse, or
dependent (as defined in Code section 152(a)) of the Participant, loss of the Participant's property due to casualty, or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances
arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant.

5.11 Change in Control. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary or the election made by a Participant on a Deferral Election Form under Sections 5.2, 5.3 ¢
5.4, the provisions set forth in this section shall apply. A “Change in Control Event” means an event described in Code section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) or otherwise under Section 409A.


(a) As to any amounts deferred in respect of Compensation earned in any year commencing prior to January 1, 2017, the following rules shall apply:

(1) in the event of a Change in Control that occurs on or prior to the first anniversary of the effective date of this amendment, notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to
contrary or the election made by a Participant on a Deferral Election Form under Sections 5.2, 5.3 and 5.4, a Participant's Account balance under the Plan shall be distributed in a
immediate lump sum payment upon the occurrence of a Change in Control that is a “Change in Control Event.” A “Change in Control Event” means an event described in Code
section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) or otherwise under Section 409A.

(2) in the event of a Change in Control which is not described in (1) above, notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary or the election made by a Participant
a Deferral Election Form under Sections 5.2, 5.3 and 5.4, a Participant's Account balance under the Plan shall be distributed in an immediate lump sum payment upon the tenth
anniversary of the occurrence of a Change in Control that is a “Change in Control Event.” A “Change in Control Event” means an event described in Code section 409A(a)(2(A)(V
otherwise under Section 409A.

(b) As to any amounts deferred in respect of Compensation earned in any year commencing on or after January 1, 2017, such amounts shall not be subject to the
automatic distribution rule set forth in Section 5.11(a) above.

5.12 Timing of Payments. For purposes of Section 5.6 and 5.8, payment will be deemed to be made upon a Separation from Service or Disability, as applicable if payment is
made upon the date on which the event occurs or upon a date that is within 90 days of such event and the Participant does not have any control over when the payment is actual
paid. For purposes of a payment on a specified date under Section 5.6, a payment will be deemed to be made upon a specified date if payment is made on such date, later in the
calendar year containing such specified date, or, if later, the 15 day of the 3% month following such specified date. The Participant will have no control over when the payment is,
actually paid. For purposes of Section 5.9, payment will be deemed to be made upon the Participant's death if the payment is made to the Participant's beneficiary in accordance
with Section 6.4 by December 31 of the first year following the year in which the date of death occurs regardless of whether the payment recipient designates the taxable year of
payment.

5.13 Changes in Time or Form of Distribution. Notwithstanding the election made by a Participant on a Deferral Election Form under Sections 5.2, 5.3 and 5.4, a Participat
may make one or more subsequent elections to change the time or form of a distribution for a deferred amount, provided that such an election shall be effective only if the followir
conditions are satisfied:

(a) The election may not take effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which the election is made;

(b) In the case of an election to change the time or form of a distribution under Sections 5.6, a distribution may not be made earlier than at least five (5) years from the date the
distribution would have otherwise been made; and

(c)_ Inthe case of an election to change the time or form of a distribution under Section 5.6, the election must be made at least twelve (12) months before the date the distributior
scheduled to be paid.

5.14 Effect of Taxation. If a portion of the Participant's Account balance is includible in income under Section 409A, such portion shall be distributed immediately to the
Participant.

5.15 Permitted Delays. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any payment to a Participant under the Plan may be delayed upon the Committee's reasonable anticipation that the
making of the payment would violate Federal securities laws or other applicable law; provided, that (i) the Company treats any such delays to similarly situated Participants on a
reasonably consistent basis, (ii) no election may be provided to a Participant with respect to the timing of such delayed payment, and (ii) any payment delayed pursuant to this
Section 5.15 shall otherwise be paid in accordance with Section 409A.

5.16 Pre-2005 Deferrats. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Appendix A governs the distribution of amounts that were earned and vested (within the meaning of Section 409A a
regulations thereunder) under the Plan prior to 2005 (and earnings thereon) and are exempt from the requirements of Section 409A.

5.17 Rehires. If a Participant ceases to be eligible to participate and subsequently again becomes eligible to participate, he or she may, in the sole discretion of the Committ:
make an election in accordance with Sections 5.2, 5.3 and 5.4 on a Deferral Election Form that shall apply with respect to any amounts credited to his or her Account under the PI
after the date of his or her re-eligibility (provided the Employee becomes so eligible in a different calendar year than the year in which he or she ceased to be eligible), and if no st
payment election is made, the portion of the Account accrued with respect to the new eligibility period shall be paid in accordance with the election on the Deferral Election Form f
those amounts deferred prior to the Participant ceasing to be eligible to participate.

Article 6. Deferred Compensation Accounts

6.1 Participants’ Accounts. The Company shall establish and maintain an individual bookkeeping Account for deferrals made by each Participant under Article 5 herein. Eac
Account shall be credited as of the date the amount deferred otherwise would have become due and payable to the Participant.

6.2 Interest or Dividends on Deferred Amounts. Compensation deferred under Article 5 shall accrue, in the sole discretion of the Commitee, either (i) interest on a basis tc
specified by the Committee, at a rate equal to the return choice(s) selected by the Participant from among the alternatives specified by the Committee from time to time, or (2)
dividends or dividend equivalents as determined by the Committee. Interest or dividends, as applicable, credited on deferred amounts (less the amount of any debits for any losse
shall be credited to the Participant's Account and paid out to Participants at the same time and in the same manner as the underlying deferred amounts from such Account. Effect!
with respect to equity-based Compensation, including 162(m) Restricted Stock


Units, deferred on or after December 31, 2007, such equity-based Compensation shall remain ‘notionally” invested in Company common stock and eligible to accrue dividend
equivalents, and may not be diversified into any other alternative investment available under the Plan. Beginning August 8, 2014, such deferrals may be diversified to any other
investment offered under the Plan,

6.3 Charges against Accounts. There shall be charged against each Participant's Account any payments made to the Participant or to his or her beneficiary.

6.4 Designation of Beneficiary. Each Participant may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries (who may be named contingently or successively) who, upon the Participant's
death, will receive the amounts that otherwise would have been paid to the Participant under the Plan. All designations shall be signed by the Participant and shall be in such forr
prescribed by the Committee. Each designation shall be effective as of the date received from the Participant by the Global Long-Term Incentive Compensation group of the
Company or its designee.

Participants may change their beneficiary designations on a form prescribed by the Committee. The payment of amounts deferred under the Plan shall be in accordance with
last unrevoked written designation of beneficiary that has been signed by the Participant and delivered by the Participant to the Global Long-Term Incentive Compensation group +
its designee prior to the Participant's death.

In the event that all the beneficiaries named by a Participant pursuant to this Section 6.4 predecease the Participant, the deferred amounts that would have been paid to the
Participant or the Participant's beneficiaries shall be paid to the Participant's estate in a lump sum.

In the event a Participant does not designate a beneficiary, or for any reason such designation is ineffective, in whole or in part, the amounts that otherwise would have been
paid to the Participant or the Participant's beneficiaries under the Plan shall be paid to the Participant's estate in a lump sum.

In the event the beneficiary of a Participant should die prior to the final payment of the deferred amounts, the amounts that otherwise would have been paid to such beneficiar
under the Plan shall be paid to the beneficiary's estate in a lump sum.

Article 7. Rights of Participants

7.1 Contractual Obligation. The Pian shall create a contractual obligation on the part of the Company to make payments from the Participant's accounts when due. Paymen
account balances shalll be made out of the general funds of the Company.

7.2. Unsecured Interest. No Participant or party claiming an interest in deferred amounts or contributions through a Participant shall have any interest whatsoever in any
specific asset of the Company. To the extent that any party acquires a right to receive payments under the Plan, such right shall be equivalent to that of an unsecured general
creditor of the Company.

7.3 Employment. Nothing in the Plan shall inteifere with nor limit in any way the right of the Company to terminate any Participant's employment at any time, nor confer upor
any Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company.

Article 8. Withholding of Taxes

The Company shail withhold from an employee's regular compensation from the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy foreign, Federal, state, and local income or other
withholding tax requirements with regard to amounts deferred under the Plan, However, the Company reserves the right to institute alternative methods for satisfying the applicabl
income and withholding tax requirements.

Article 9. Amendment and Termination

9.1 Amendment or Termination. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate the Plan when, in the sole discretion of the Company, such amendment or terminati
is advisable, pursuant to a resolution or other action taken by the Committee. The Plan may also be amended to the extent such amendment is required under applicable law or is
required to avoid having amounts deferred under the Plan included in the income of Participants or beneficiaries for federal income tax purposes prior to distribution.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment of the Plan shall apply to amounts that were earned and vested (within the meaning of Section 409A) under the Plan prior to 2C
unless the amendment specifically provides that it applies to such amounts. The purpose of this restriction is to prevent a Plan amendment from resulting in an inadvertent “mater
modification” to amounts that are Grandfathered Benefits.

9.2 Effect of Amendment or Termination. Except as provided in the next sentence, no amendment or termination of the Plan shall adversely affect the rights of any Particip
to amounts credited to his or her Account as of the effective date of such amendment or termination, without such Participant's consent. Upon termination of the Plan, distribution
balances in Accounts shall be made to Participants and beneficiaries in the manner and at the time described in Article V, unless the Company determines in its sole discretion the
all such amounts shalll be distributed upon termination in accordance with the requirements under Section 409A. Upon termination of the Plan, no further deferrals of eligible
‘Compensation shall be permitted; however, earnings, gains and losses shall continue to be credited to Account balances in accordance with the Plan until the Account balances a
fully distributed.


Article 10. Miscellaneous

10.1. Notice. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Company under the Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand delivered or sent by registered or
certified mail to the Global Long-Term Incentive Compensation group of the Company. Notice to the Global Long-Term Incentive Compensation group, if mailed, shall be addresse
to the principal executive offices of the Company. Notices shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery, or if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark on
the receipt for registration or certification.

40.2 Nontransferability. Participants’ rights to deferred amounts and interest eared thereon under the Plan may not be sold, transferred, assigned, or otherwise alienated ¢
hypothecated other than by will or by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. In no event shall the Company make any payment under the Plan to any assignee or creditor «
Participant.

40.3 Severability. In the event any provision of the Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Plan
and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included.

10.4 Gender and Number. Except where otherwise indicated by the context, any masculine term used herein also shall include the feminine; the plural shall include the
singular, and the singular shall include the plural.

40.5 Costs of the Plan. All costs of implementing and administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company.

10.6 Applicable Law. The plan shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the te:
+ of the Plan are intended to, and shall be interpreted and applied so as to, comply in all respects with Section 409A. Any provision of this Plan governing the timing or form of
payment of benefits hereunder may be modified by the Committee if, and to the extent deemed necessary or advisable, to comply with Section 409A. Nothing in this Section 10.6
shall be construed as an admission that any of the benefits payable under this Plan constitutes "deferred compensation” subject to the provisions of Section 409A.

10.7 Successors. All obligation of the Company under the Plan shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of 3
direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company.


APPENDIX A
GRANDFATHERED BENEFITS

Distribution of amounts that were earned and vested (within the meaning of Section 409A) under the Plan prior to 2005 (and earnings thereon) and are exempt from the
requirements of Section 409A shall be made in accordance with the Plan terms as in effect on December 31, 2004 as set forth in this Appendix A.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Participant employed by Zoetis Inc. On and following the date Zoetis Inc. is no longer a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company due to a tax-free distribution to the Company's stock holders of all or a portion of its equity interest in Zoetis, such Participant shall be deemed to have incurred a

termination of employment only upon his or “Separation from Service" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended for purpose of the
distribution of his or her Grandfathered Benefits.

Pfizer Inc Deferred Compensation Plan
Article 1. Purpose

4.1. Pfizer Inc, a Delaware corporation (the “Company’), hereby establishes, effective as of December 1, 1997, a deferred compensation plan for key employees as described
herein, which shall be known as the “Pfizer Deferred Compensation Pian” (the “Pian”.

1.2. Purpose. The purpose of the Pian is to provide certain key employees of the Company with the opportunity to voluntarily defer a portion of their compensation, subject to
terms of the Plan. By adopting the Plan, the Company desires to enhance its ability to attract and retain key employees.

Article 2. Definitions
Whenever used herein, the following terms when capitalized shall have the meaning set forth below:

@ “Award” means the Annual Incentive Award based on an assessment of performance, payable by the Company to a Participant for the Participant's services during a given
calendar year of the Company. Awards shall be deemed earned only upon formal announcement thereof by the Company.

“Board” or “Board of Directors” means the Board of Directors of the Company
© "Change in Controt" shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events:

i atany time during a two-year period, at least a majority of the Company's Board of Directors shall cease to consist of “Continuing Directors” (meaning directors of the
‘Company who either were directors at the beginning of such two-year period or who subsequently became directors and whose election, or nomination for election by the
‘Company's stockholders, was approved by a majority of the then Continuing Directors); or

ji_any “person” or “group” (as determined for purposes of Section 13(4)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), except any majority-owned subsidiary of the Company «
any employee benefit plan of the Company or any trust or investment manager thereunder, shall have acquired “beneficial ownership” (as determined for purposes of U.£
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") Regulation 134-3) of shares of Common Stock of the Company having 15% or more of the voting power of all outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Company, unless such acquisition is approved by a majority of the directors of the Company in office immediately preceding such acquisitio
or

iia merger or consolidation occurs to which the Company is a party, whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation, in which outstanding shares of Common Sto-
of the Company are converted into shares of another company (other than a conversion into shares of voting common stock of the successor corporation or a holding
company thereof representing 80% of the voting power or all capital stock thereof outstanding immediately after the merger or consolidation) or other securities (of either
the Company or another company) or cash or other property; or

iv_ the sale of all, or substantially all, of the Company's assets occurs; or

v__ the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company.

d “Code” means the intemal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

“Committee” means the Executive Compensation Committee of the Board or the Employee Compensation and Management Development Committee, as appropriate, and a
‘successor thereto.

{ “Company” means Pfizer Inc., a Delaware corporation (including any and all subsidiaries), and any successor thereto.

9 “Compensation” means the gross Salary, Award, Long-Term Incentive Awards, and other payments which may be eligible for deferral under the Plan, which are payable to a
Participant with respect to services performed during a specified period.


h “Disability” means a disability which would qualify the Participant for Long-Term Disability benefits under the Pfizer Long Term Disability Plan and, as such plan may be
amended from time to time.

i “Employee” means a salaried employee of the Company.

"ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

k “Federal Long-term Rate” means the 30-year constant maturity U.S. Treasury Rate from the Federal Reserve Bank for the previous month.
| “Long-Term Incentive Awards” means Performance-Contingent Share Awards or earnings from stock option exercises.
m “Participant” means an Employee who has elected to participate in the Plan.

1 “Salary” means all regular, basic wages, before reduction for amounts deferred pursuant to the Plan or any other plan of the Company, payable in cash to a Participant for
services to be rendered during the calendar year, exclusive of any Bonus, Long-Term Awards, other special fees, awards, or incentive compensation, allowance, or amounts
designated by the Company as payment toward or reimbursement of expenses.

Article 3. Administration

3.1. Authority of the Committee. The Plan shall initially be administered by the Committee. Subject to the terms of this Plan, the Committee may appoint a successor
committee to administer the Plan.

‘Subject to the provisions herein, the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to select Employees for participation in the Plan; to determine the terms and conditions of e
Employee's participation in the Plan; to make, in its sole discretion, all determinations arising in the administration, construction or interpretation of the Plan including the right to
construe disputed or doubtful Plan terms and provisions, and any such determination shall be conclusive and binding on all persons, except as otherwise provided by law; to
construe and interpret any agreement or instrument entered into under the Plan; to establish, amend, or waive rules and regulations for the Plan's administration; to amend (subje
to the provisions of Article 9 herein) the terms and conditions of the Plan and any agreement entered into under the Plan; and to make other determinations which may be necess
of advisable for the administration of the Plan. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee may delegate any or all of its authority granted under the Plan to one or more
executives of the Company.

3.2. Claims Procedure. If a request for benefits by a Participant or beneficiary is wholly or partially denied, the Committee will provide such claimant written notice setting fort
the denial. A review procedure is available upon written notice of the denial of the claim, and includes the right to examine pertinent documents and submit issues and comments
writing to the Committee. The decision on review will be made within 90 days after receipt of the request for review, unless circumstances warrant an extension of time not to exce
an additional 90 days and shall be in writing. If a decision on review is not made within such period, the Participant's claim shall be deemed denied.

3.3. Decisions Binding. All determinations and decisions of the Committee as to any disputed question arising under the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all
parties.

Article 4, Eligibility and Participation

4.1 Eligibility. Employees eligible to participate in the Plan include key policy and decision makers of the Company, as selected by the Committee in its sole discretion. Its tt
intent of the Company to extend eligibility only to those executives who comprise a select group of “management or highly compensated employees,” such that the Plan will qualit
for treatment as a “Top hat" plan within the meaning of Sections 201, 301 and 401 of ERISA.

In the event a Participant no longer meets the requirements for participation in the Plan, such Participant shall become an inactive Participant, retaining all the rights described
under the Plan, except the right to make any further deferrals, until such time as the Participant again becomes an active Participant.

4.2 Participation. Participation in the Plan shall be determined annually by the Committee based upon the criteria set forth in Section 4.1 herein. Employees who are chosen
participate in the Plan in any given year shall be so notified in writing.

4,3 Partial Year Eligibility. In the event than an Employee first becomes eligible to participate in the Plan during any given year, such Employee shall as soon as practicable
so notified in writing by the Company and provided with an “Election to Defer Form,” which must be completed by the Employee as set forth in Section 5.2 herein; provided, howe"
that such Employee may make an election to defer with respect to only that portion of his or her Compensation for such year which is to be paid after the date of filing of the defer
election.

44 No Right to Participate. No Employee shall have the right to be selected as a Participant, or, having been so selected for any given year, to be selected again as a
Participant for any other year.


Article 5, Deferral Opportunity

5.1. Amount Which May Be Deferred. A Participant may elect to defer up to one hundred percent (100%) of eligible components of Compensation, including but not limited t
Salary, Award and Long-Term Awards, in any given year; provided, that the Committee shalll have sole discretion to designate which components of Compensation are eligible for
deferral elections under the Pian in any such year. The minimum amount of any single eligible component of Compensation which may be deferred in any given year is ten percer
(10%) of each such component. In addition, an election to defer Compensation in any given year must be expressed by each Participant in increments of ten percent (10%) of the
applicable component of Compensation.

5.2 Deferral Election. Participants shall make their elections to defer Compensation under the Plan for a given calendar year not later than (a) thirty (30) days prior to the
beginning of such calendar year or (b) if Participants are notified after the beginning of the calendar year of their selection to participate in the pian for such calendar year or a par
calendar year, within thirty (30) days of receipt of such notice. All deferral elections shall be irrevocable; shall relate solely to amounts earned after the filing of a deferral election v
the Committee; and shall be made on an “Election to Defer Form,” as described herein.

Participants shall make the following irrevocable elections on each “Election to Defer Form’.
(a) The amount to be deferred with respect to each eligible component of Compensation for the specified year;
(b) The length of the deferral period with respect to each eligible component of Compensation, pursuant to the terms of Section 5.3 herein;

5.3 Length of Deferral. The deferral periods elected by each Participant with respect to deferrals of Compensation for any given year shall be selected from among the choic
specified by the Committee. The Committee shail specify one or more deferral periods which are at least one (1) year following the end of the calendar year in which the
Compensation is earned, and no greater than five (5) years following retirement.

5.4 Payment of Deferred Amounts. Subject to the provisions of Section 5.5 and Section 9 of the Plan, Participants shall receive payment of deferred amounts, together with
interest earned thereon, at the end of the deferred period in a single lump-sum cash payment, unless otherwise elected. If alternative methods for receiving payments are approve
by the Committee, election of the method of payment shall be made by the Participant within the same time periods as required in Section §.2 of the Plan.

(a) _Lump-Sum Payment. Alump sum payment shall be made in cash withit
5.2 and 5.3 herein.

ixty (60) days of the end of the deferral period by the Participant, as described in Section

(b) Installment Payments. If approved by the Committee, Participants may elect payout in annual installments, with a minimum number of installments of two (2), and

maximum of fifteen (15). The initial payment shall be made in cash within sixty (60) days after the commencement date selected by the Participant pursuant to Sections
5.2 and 5.3 herein. The remaining installment payments shall be made in cash each year thereafter, until the Participant's entire deferred compensation account has be
paid. Interest shall accrue on the deferred amounts in the Participant's deferred compensation account immediately prior each such payment, multiplied by a fraction, th
numerator of which is one (1), and the denominator of which is the number of installment payments remaining.

(©) Alternative Payment Schedule. If approved by the Committee, a Participant may elect an alternate payment schedule.

5.5 Change in Control. Notwithstanding any provision contained in the Plan, in the event of a Change in Control, all participants shall be entitled to an immediate lump sum
payment of their deferred amounts, together with interest earned thereon.

Article 6. Deferred Compensation Accounts

ants’ Accounts. The Company shall establish and maintain an individual bookkeeping account for deferrals made by each Participant under Article 5 herein. Eac
account shall be credited as of the date the amount deferred otherwise would have become due and payable to the Participant.

6.2 Interest on Deferred Amounts. Compensation deferred under Article 5 shall accrue interest on a basis to be specified by the Committee, at a rate equal to the retum
choice(s) selected by the Participant from among the alternatives specified by the Committee from time to time. Interest credited on deferred amounts (less the amount of any det
for any losses) shall be paid out to Participants at the same time and in the same manner as the underlying deferred amounts.

6.3 Charges Against Accounts. There shall be charged against each Participant's deferred compensation account any payments made to the Participant or to his or her
beneficiary.

6.4 Designation of Beneficiary. Each Participant may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries (who may be named contingently or successively) who, upon the Participant's
death, will receive the amounts that otherwise would have been paid to the Participant under the Plan. Alll designations shall be signed by the Participant and shall be in such for
prescribed by the Committee. Each designation shall be effective as of the date received from the Participant by the Senior Vice President - Employee Resources of the Company

Participants may change their beneficiary designations on a form prescribed by the Committee. The payment of amounts deferred under the Plan shall be in accordance with tr
last unrevoked written designation of beneficiary that has been signed by the Participant and delivered by the Participant to the Senior Vice President - Employee Resources prio
the Participant's death.

-10-


In the event that all the beneficiaries named by a Participant pursuant to this Section 6.4 predecease the Participant, the deferred amounts that would have been paid to the
Participant or the Participant's beneficiaries shall be paid to the Participant's estate.

In the event a Participant does not designate a beneficiary, or for any reason such designation is ineffective, in whole or in part, the amounts that otherwise would have been pz
to the Participant or the Participant's beneficiaries under the Plan shall be paid to the Participant's estate.
Article 7. Rights of Participants

7.4 Contractual Obligation. The Plan shall create a contractual obligation on the part of the Company to make payments from the Participant's accounts when due. Paymen
account balances shall be made out of the general funds of the Company.

7.2. Unsecured Interest. No Participant, or party claiming an interest in deferred amounts or contributions through a Participant, shall have any interest whatsoever in any
specific asset of the Company. To the extent that any party acquires a right to receive payments under the Plan, such right shall be equivalent to that of an unsecured general
creditor of the Company.

7.3. Employment. Nothing in the Plan shall interfere with nor limit in any way the right of the Company to terminate any Participant's employment at any time, nor confer upor
any Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company.

Article 8. Withholding of Taxes

The Company shall withhold from an employee's regular compensation from the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy foreign, Federal, state, and local income or other
withholding tax requirements with regard to amounts deferred under the Plan. However, the Company reserves the right to institute alternative methods for satisfying the applicabl
income and withholding tax requirements.

Article 9. Amendment and Termination

‘The Company hereby reserves the right to amend, modify or terminate the Pian at any time by action of the Committee. Except as described below in this Article 9, no such
amendment, modification or termination shall in any material manner adversely effect any Participant's rights to deferred amounts, contributions or interest earned thereon, withot
the consent of the Participant.

The Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan maintained primarily to provide deferred compensation benefits for a select group of ‘management or highly compensated
employees" within the meaning of Sections 201, 301 and 401 of ERISA, and therefore to be exempt from the provisions of Parts 2, 3 and 4 of Title | of ERISA. Accordingly, the
Committee may terminate the Plan and commence termination payout for all or certain Participants, or remove certain employees as Participants, if it is determined by the United
States Department of Labor or a court of competent jurisdiction that the Plan constitutes an employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA which is n
50 exempt. If payout is commenced pursuant to the operation of this Article 9, the payment of such amounts shall be made in a lump sum regardless of the manner selected by et
Participant under Section 5.4 herein as applicable.

Article 10. Miscellaneous

10.1 Notice. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Company under the Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand delivered, or sent by registered or
certified mail to the Senior Vice President - Employee Resources of the Company. Notice to the Senior Vice President - Employee Resources, if mailed, shall be addressed to the
principal executive offices of the Company. Notices shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery, or if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark on the
receipt for registration or certification.

10.2 Nontransferability. Participants’ rights to deferred amounts and interest eared thereon under the Plan may not be sold, transferred, assigned, or otherwise alienated or
hypothecated other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. In no event shall the Company make any payment under the Plan to any assignee or creditor of a
Participant.

10.3 Severability. In the event any provision of the Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, a
the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included.

10.4 Gender and Number. Except where otherwise indicated by the context, any masculine term used herein also shall include the feminine; the plural shall include the singul:
and the singular shall include the plural.

10.5 Costs of the Plan. All costs of implementing and administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company.

10.6 Applicable Law. The plan shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

40.7 Successors. All obligation of the Company under the Plan shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a
direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially ail of the business and/or assets of the Company.

EXHIBIT

The following is a list of subsidiaries of the Company as of December 31, 2023 omitting some subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate.

would not constitute a significant subsidiary.

‘Company Name

‘Where Incorporated

or Organized
356 Royalty Inc. Delaware
Agouron Pharmaceuticals, LLC California
AH Robins LLC Delaware
AHP Manufacturing B.V. Netherlands
Alpharma Pharmaceuticals LLC Delaware
American Food Industries LLC Delaware
‘Amplyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Delaware
Anacor Pharmaceuticals, LLC Delaware
Arena Pharmaceuticals Canada Holdings, L.P. Canada
Arena Pharmaceuticals Development GmbH Switzerland
Arena Pharmaceuticals Development, LLC Delaware
Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Delaware
Arena Pharmaceuticals, LLC Delaware
Arixa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Delaware
Array BioPharma Inc. Delaware
Bamboo Therapeutics, Delaware
Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Company Limited British Virgin Islands
Biohaven Pharmaceutical Ireland Designated Activity Company Ireland

Blue Whale Re Ltd. Vermont
Bulldog (BVI) NewCo Limited British Virgin Islands
C.P. Pharmaceuticals International C.V. Netherlands
CICL Corporation Delaware
COC | Corporation Delaware
Coley Pharmaceutical Group, Inc. Delaware
Cyanamid de Argentina, S.A. Delaware
Distribuidora Mercantil Centro Americana, S.A. Delaware
East Coast Ventures, Inc. Delaware
Encysive Pharmaceuticals Inc. Delaware
FoldRx Pharmaceuticals, LLC Delaware
Fort Dodge Manufatura Ltda. Brazil

G. D. Searle & Co. Limited

United Kingdom

G. D. Searle International Capital LLC Delaware
Genetics Institute, LLC Delaware
Gentrac, Inc. Wisconsin
Gl Europe, Inc. Delaware
GI Japan, Inc. Delaware
Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. Delaware
Hospira Adelaide Pty Ltd ‘Australia
Hospira Australia Pty Ltd Australia
Hospira Benelux BVBA Belgium
Hospira Holdings (S.A.) Pty Ltd Australia
Hospira Philippines, Inc. Philippines
Hospira Pte. Ltd. ‘Singapore
Hospira Puerto Rico, LLC Delaware
Hospira UK Limited United Kingdom
Hospira Worldwide, LLC Delaware



Hospira Zagreb d.0.0. Croatia
Hospira, Inc. Delaware
Ignite Immunotherapy, Inc. Delaware
InnoPharma, Inc. Delaware
International Affiliated Corporation LLC Delaware
John Wyeth & Brother Limited United Kingdom
King Pharmaceuticals Holdings LLC Delaware
King Pharmaceuticals LLC Delaware
King Pharmaceuticals Research and Development, LLC Delaware
Laboratoires Pfizer, S.A. Morocco
Laboratorios Pfizer Ltda. Brazil
Laboratorios Pfizer, Lda. Portugal
Laboratorios Wyeth LLC Pennsylvania
Mayne Pharma IP Holdings (Euro) Pty Ltd Australia
Medivation Field Solutions LLC Delaware
Medivation LLC Delaware
Medivation Neurology LLC Delaware
Medivation Prostate Therapeutics LLC Delaware
Medivation Services LLC Delaware
Medivation Technologies LLC Delaware
Monarch Pharmaceuticals, LLC Tennessee
MPP Trustee Limited United Kingdom
MTG Divestitures LLC Delaware
Neusentis Limited United Kingdom
PAH USA IN8 LLC Delaware
Parke, Davis & Company LLC Michigan
Parkedale Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Michigan
PBG Puerto Rico LLC Puerto Rico
P-D Co., LLC Delaware
Peak Enterprises LLC Delaware

PF Argentum Acquisition ULC Canada

PF Argentum US Corporation Delaware

PF Czech Republic Holdings B.V. Netherlands
PF Finland Holdings B.V. Netherlands
PF OFG South Korea 1 B.V. Netherlands
PF OFG South Korea 2 B.V. Netherlands
PF PR Holdings C.V. Netherlands
PF PRISM C.V. Netherlands
PF PRISM Holdings B.V. Netherlands
PF PRISM IMB B.V. Netherlands
PF Prism S.a.r. Luxembourg
Pfizer France

Pfizer (China) Research and Development Co. Ltd.

Pfizer (Hangzhou) Innovation Technology Co. Ltd.

People's Republic of China
People's Republic of China

Piizer (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Malaysia
Pizer (North Carolina) LLC Delaware
Piizer (Perth) Pty Ltd Australia
Pfizer (Thailand) Limited Thailand
PFIZER (VIETNAM) LIMITED COMPANY Vietnam

Pfizer (Wuhan) Research and Development Co. Ltd.

People’s Republic of China

Pfizer AB

Sweden

Pfizer AG

Switzerland



Pfizer Anti-infectives AB Sweden
Pfizer ApS Denmark
Pfizer AS. Norway
Pfizer Asia Manufacturing Pte. Ltd. Singapore
Pfizer Australia Holdings B.V. Netherlands
Pfizer Australia Holdings Ply Limited Australia
Pfizer Australia Investments Pty Ltd Australia
Pfizer Australia Pty Ltd Australia
Pfizer B.V. Netherlands
Pfizer Biopharma Egypt LLC Egypt
Pfizer Biopharmaceuticals Egypt LLC Egypt
Pfizer Bolivia S.A. Bolivia
Pfizer Brasil Lida Brazil

Pfizer Business Service (Dalian) Co., Ltd.

People's Republic of China

Pfizer Canada ULC / Pfizer Canada SRI

Canada

Pfizer Chile S.A.

Chile

Pfizer Cia. Ltda.

Ecuador

Pfizer Colombia Spinco | LLC

Pennsylvania

Pfizer Consumer Healthcare United Kingdom
Pfizer Cork Limited Ireland

Pfizer Corporation Austria Gesellschaft m.b.H. Austria

Pfizer Corporation Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong
Pfizer Corporation S. de R.L. Panama

Pfizer Croatia d.0.0. Croatia

Pfizer Deutschland GmbH Germany

Pfizer Development LLC Delaware

Pfizer Development Services (UK) Limited United Kingdom
Pfizer East India B.V. Netherlands
Pfizer Eastern Investments B.V. Netherlands
Pfizer Europe MA EEIG Belgium

Pfizer Export B.V. Netherlands
Pfizer Export Company Ireland

Pfizer France International Investments France

Pfizer Free Zone Panama, S. de R.L. Panama

Pfizer Global Holdings B.V. Netherlands
Pfizer Global Supply Japan Inc. Japan

Pfizer Global Trading Ireland

Pfizer Gulf FZ-LLC
Pfizer H.C.P. Corporation

United Arab Emirates
New York

Pfizer Health AB Sweden
Pfizer Health Solutions Inc. Delaware
Pfizer Healthcare India Private Limited India

Pfizer Healthcare Ireland treland
Pfizer Hellas, A.E. Greece
Pfizer Himalaya Holdings Cooperatief U.A. Netherlands
Pfizer Hol France France
Pfizer Holding SG Pte. Ltd. ‘Singapore
Pfizer Holdings Corporation Delaware
Pfizer Holdings International LLC Delaware
Pfizer Holdings International Luxembourg (PHIL) SARL Luxembourg
Pfizer Holdings Singapore LLC Delaware
Pfizer Innovations LLC Russia



Pfizer International LLC

New York

Pfizer International Operations

France

Pfizer Investment Capital Unlimited Company

Ireland

Pfizer Investment Co. Ltd.

People's Republic of China

Pfizer Investment Enterprises Holdings LLC

Delaware

Pfizer Investment Enterprises Holdings Pte. Ltd. ‘Singapore
Pfizer Investment Enterprises Pte. Ltd ‘Singapore
Pfizer Investments Corporation Delaware
Pfizer Ireland Holdings Unlimited Company treland
Pfizer Ireland PFE Holding 1 LLC Delaware
Pfizer Ireland PFE Holding 2 LLC Delaware
Pfizer Ireland Pharmaceuticals Ireland
Pfizer Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland
Pfizer Ireland Ventures Unlimited Company Ireland
Pfizer Italia S.r. ttaly
Pfizer Japan Inc. Japan
Pfizer Laboratories (Pty) Limited South Africa
Pfizer Laboratories Limited Kenya
Pfizer Leasing Ireland Limited Ireland

Pfizer Leasing UK Limited

United Kingdom

Pfizer Limited United Kingdom
Pfizer Limited India

Pfizer Limited Taiwan
Pfizer Luxco Holdings SARL Luxembourg
Pfizer Luxembourg Global Holdings S.a r.l. Luxembourg
Pfizer Luxembourg SARL Luxembourg
Pfizer Manufacturing Austria G.m.b.H. Austria
Pfizer Manufacturing Belgium N.V. Belgium
Pfizer Manufacturing Deutschland GmbH Germany
Pfizer Manufacturing Deutschland Grundbesitz GmbH & Co. KG Germany
Pfizer Manufacturing Holdings LLC Delaware
Pfizer Manufacturing Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland
Pfizer Manufacturing LLC Delaware
Pfizer Manufacturing Servi Ireland
Pfizer MAP Holding, Inc. Delaware
Pfizer Medicamentos Genericos e Participacoes Ltda. Brazil

Pfizer Mexico Holding B.V. Netherlands
Pfizer New Zealand Limited New Zealand
Pfizer North America Services LLC Delaware
Pfizer OTC B.V. Netherlands
Pfizer Overseas LLC Delaware
Pfizer Oy Finland
Pfizer Pakistan Limited Pakistan
Pfizer PFE AsiaPac Holding B.V. Netherlands
Pfizer PFE Australia Holding B.V. Netherlands
Pfizer PFE Australia Pty Ltd Australia
Pfizer PFE CIA. Ltda. Ecuador
Pfizer PFE Eastern Investments B.V. Netherlands
Pfizer PFE Global Holdings B.V. Netherlands
Pfizer PFE liaglari Anonim Sirketi Turkey
Pfizer PFE Pharmaceuticals Israel Holding LLC Delaware
Pfizer PFE Pharmaceuticals Israel Ltd. Israel



Pfizer PFE Service Company Holding B.V. Netherlands

Pfizer PFE Spain B.V. Netherlands

Pfizer Pharm Algerie Algeria

Pfizer Pharma GmbH Germany

Pfizer Pharmaceutical (Wuxi) Co., Ltd. People’s Republic of China
Pfizer Pharmaceutical Trading Limited Liability Company (a/k/a Pfizer Kft. or Pfizer LLC) _ Hungary

Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Global B.V. Netherlands

Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Israel Ltd. Israel

Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Korea Limited

Republic of Korea

Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Science and Technology Co., Ltd.

People's Republic of China

Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Tunisie Sarl

Tunisia

Pfizer Pigments Inc. Delaware
Pfizer Polska Sp. z.0.0. Poland
Pfizer Private Limited Singapore
Pfizer Production LLC Delaware
Pfizer Products Inc. Connecticut
Pfizer Products India Private Limited India

Pfizer R&D Holding B.V. Netherlands
Pfizer R&D Japan G.K. Japan
Pfizer R&D UK Limited United Kingdom
Pfizer Research (NC), Inc. Delaware
Pfizer Romania SRL Romania
Pfizer S.A. Peru

Pfizer S.A.S. Colombia
Pfizer S.G.P.S. Ld: Portugal
Pfizer S.r Italy

Pfizer S.R.L. Argentina
Pfizer SA (Belgium) Belgium
Pfizer Saudi Limited Saudi Arabia
Pfizer Saudi Trading LLC Saudi Arabia
Pfizer Service Company BV Belgium
Pfizer Service Company Ireland Unlimited Company Ireland
Pfizer Services LLC Delaware
Pfizer Shared Services Unlimited Company Ireland
Pfizer Shareholdings Intermediate SARL Luxembourg
Pfizer Singapore Development LP ‘Singapore
Pfizer Singapore Holding Pte. Ltd. ‘Singapore
Pfizer Specialties Limited Nigeria
Pfizer Specialty UK Limited United Kingdom
Pfizer SRB 4.0.0. Serbia
Pfizer Strategic Investment Holdings LLC Delaware
Pfizer Trading Polska sp.z.0.0. Poland
Pfizer Transactions LLC Delaware
Pfizer Tunisie SA Tunisia
Pfizer Venezuela, S.A. Venezuela
Pfizer Ventures (US) LLC Delaware
Pfizer Ventures LLC Delaware
Pfizer Worldwide Services Unlimited Company ireland
Pfizer Zona Franca, S.A. Costa Rica
Pfizer, Inc. Philippines
Pfizer, S.A. Costa Rica



Pfizer, S.A. de C.V. Mexico
Pizer, SLU. Spain

Pfizer, spol. $ r.0. Czech Republic
Pharmacia & Upjohn Company LLC Delaware
Pharmacia & Upjohn LLC. Delaware
Pharmacia Brasil Ltda. Brazil
Pharmacia Hepar LLC. Delaware

Pharmacia Inter-American LLC

Pennsylvania

Pharmacia International B.V. Netherlands
Pharmacia Limited United Kingdom
Pharmacia LLC Delaware
PHIVCO Corp. Delaware
PHIVCO Holdco S.a rl. Luxembourg
PHIVCO Luxembourg S.a r.1. Luxembourg
PIMB OFG Spain Holding, S.L. ‘Spain
PRISM Holdings B.V. Netherlands
PT. Pfizer Indonesia Indonesia
Purepac Pharmaceutical Holdings LLC Delaware
Renrall LLC Wyoming
ResApp Health Limited Australia
ReViral Limited United Kingdom
Rinat Neuroscience Corp. Delaware
Seagen Austria GmbH Austria
Seagen B.V. Netherlands
‘Seagen Canada Inc. Canada
Seagen Denmark ApS Denmark
Seagen France SAS France
‘Seagen Germany GmbH Germany
‘Seagen Inc. Delaware
Seagen International GmbH Switzerland
SeaGen International Holdings, LLC Delaware
‘Seagen Italy S.r. Italy
‘Seagen Spain, S.L.U. Spain
Seagen Sweden AB Sweden
Seagen U.K. Ltd. United Kingdom
‘Seagen U.S. Inc. Delaware
SeaGen US Holdings, LLC Delaware
Servicios P&U, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico
Shiley LLC California
‘Sinergis Farma-Produtos Farmaceuticos, Lda. Portugal
Solinor LLC Delaware
‘Sugen LLC Delaware
Tabor LLC Delaware
The Pfizer Incubator LLC Delaware
Trillium Therapeutics ULC Canada
Vicuron Holdings LLC Delaware
Warner Lambert del Uruguay S.A. Uruguay
Warner-Lambert Company GmbH. ‘Switzerland
Warner-Lambert Company LLC Delaware
W-L LLC Delaware
Wyeth (Asia) Limited Delaware
Wyeth Ayerst Inc. Delaware



Wyeth Farma, S.A. ‘Spain
Wyeth Holdings LLC Maine
Wyeth Lederle S.ri. Italy
Wyeth LLC Delaware
Wyeth Pakistan Limited Pakistan
Wyeth Pharmaceuticals LLC Delaware
Wyeth Subsidiary llinois Corporation Minois
Wyeth-Ayerst (Asia) LLC Delaware
Wyeth-Ayerst International LLC Delaware
Wyeth-Ayerst Promotions Limited Delaware


EXHIBIT
Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities

As of December 31, 2023, Pfizer Inc. (Parent Guarantor) was the unconditional and irrevocable guarantor of the following
unsecured registered notes issued by wholly-owned subsidiaries of Parent Guarantor:

Name of Subsidiary Issuer State of Formation of Issuer Description of Registered Notes
Wyeth LLC Delaware 6.45% Notes due 2024
Pharmacia LLC Delaware 6.75% Debentures due 2027
Pharmacia LLC Delaware 6.60% Debentures due 2028
Wyeth LLC Delaware 6.50% Notes due 2034
Wyeth LLC | Delaware 6.00% Notes due 2036
Wyeth LLC Delaware 5.95% Notes due 2037
Pfizer Investment Enterprises Pte. | Republic of Singapore 4.650% Notes due 2025 ,
Ltd.

Pfizer Investment Enterprises Pte. | Republic of Singapore 4.450% Notes due 2026
Ltd.
Pfizer Investment Enterprises Pte. | Republic of Singapore 4.450% Notes due 2028
Ltd.
Pfizer Investment Enterprises Pte. | Republic of Singapore 4.650% Notes due 2030
Ltd.
Pfizer Investment Enterprises Pte. | Republic of Singapore 4.750% Notes due 2033
Ltd.
Pfizer Investment Enterprises Pte. | Republic of Singapore 5.110% Notes due 2043
Ltd.
Pfizer Investment Enterprises Pte. | Republic of Singapore 5.300% Notes due 2053
Ltd.
Pfizer Investment Enterprises Pte. | Republic of Singapore 5.340% Notes due 2063
Ltd.


Consent of Independent Re

istered Public Accounting Firm

EXHIBIT i

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements listed below of our reports dated February 22, 2024, with respect to the consolidated financial

statements of Pfizer Inc. and Subsidiary Companies and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.

-Form S-8 dated October 27, 1983 (File No. 2-87473),
-Form $-8 dated March 22, 1990 (File No. 33-34139),
-Form S-8 dated January 24, 1991 (File No. 33-38708),
-Form S-8 dated November 18, 1991 (File No, 33-4053),
-Form $-8 dated May 27, 1993 (File No. 33-49631),

-Form S-8 dated May 19, 1994 (File No. 33-53713),

-Form S-8 dated October 5, 1994 (File No. 33-5571),
-Form S-8 dated December 20, 1994 (File No. 33-56979),
-Form S-8 dated March 29, 1996 (File No. 333-02061),
-Form S-8 dated September 25, 1997 (File No. 333-36371),
-Form S-8 dated June 19, 2000 (File No. 333-39606),
-Form S-8 dated April 27, 2001 (File No. 333-59660),

-Form S-8 dated April 16, 2003 (File No. 333-104582),
-Form S-8 dated November 18, 2003 (File No. 333-110571),
-Form S-8 dated December 18, 2003 (File No. 333-111333),
-Form S-8 dated April 26, 2004 (File No. 333-114852),
-Form S-8 dated March 1, 2007 (File No. 333-140987),
-Form S-4 dated March 27, 2009 (File No. 333-158237),
-Form S-8 dated October 16, 2009 (File No. 333-162519),
-Form S-8 dated October 16, 2009 (File No. 333-162520),
-Form S-8 dated October 16, 2009 (File No. 333-162521),
-Form $-8 dated March 1, 2010 (File No. 333-165121),
-Form S-8 dated March 2, 2015 (File No. 333-202437),
-Form S-4 dated September 3, 2015 (File No. 333-206758),
-Form S-8 dated August 8, 2019 (File No. 333-233166),
-Form S-8 dated August 8, 2019 (File No. 333-202437),
-Form S-3 ASR dated February 26, 2021 (File No. 333-253605), and
-Form S-8 dated February 24, 2023 (File No. 333-270024).

Js! KPMG LLP
New York, New York February 22, 2024

EXHIBIT 3°

Certification by the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

|, Albert Bourla, certify that:
1, [have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pfizer inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4, The registrant's other certifying officer and | are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in

Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, t:
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(0) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purpost
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, tt
registrant's internal control aver financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and | have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting.

Date: February 22, 2024

/s/ ALBERT BOURLA
Albert Bourla
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT 3°

Certification by the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

|, David M. Denton, certify that:
1. have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pfizer Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and | are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, t:
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal contro! over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purpost
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent

fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, tt
registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and | have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
over financial reporting.
Date: February 22, 2024

‘s| DAVID M. DENTON
David M. Denton
Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President

EXHIBIT 3:

Certification by the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, |, Albert Bourla, hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pfizer Inc. for the
year ended December 31, 2023 (the “Report’) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, a
that the information contained in that Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Pfizer Inc.

Js/ ALBERT BOURLA
Albert Bourla
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
February 22, 2024
This certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shalll not, except to the ext:
required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act’).

Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, excep
to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.

EXHIBIT 3;

Certification by the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, |, David M. Denton, hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pfizer Inc. for
the year ended December 31, 2023 (the “Report’) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 193
and that the information contained in that Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Pfizer Inc.

/s/DAVID M. DENTON
David M. Denton
Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
February 22, 2024
This certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the ext:
required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act’).

Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, excep
to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference.

EXHIBIT

PFIZER INC.

RECOUPMENT POLICY

As required by Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as it may be amended from time to time, and the related rules or regulation:
promulgated by the SEC and the NYSE, the Board of Directors (the “Board’) of Pfizer Inc. (the “Company” adopts this Recoupment Policy (this “Policy") to be applied to the
Executive Officers of the Company, effective as of the Effective Date (as defined below), pursuant to the recommendation and approval of the Compensation Committee (the
“Committee") and the Committee's recommendation that the Board so approve.

1. Definitions

For purposes of this Policy, the following definitions shall apply:

a)

b)

4)

9)

hy)

n

“Company Group” means the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, as applicable.

“Covered Compensation” means any Incentive-Based Compensation granted, vested or paid to a person who served as an Executive Officer at any time during th
performance period for the Incentive-Based Compensation and that was Received (i) on or after the Effective Date, (il) after the person became an Executive Offic
and (iii) at a time that the Company had a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association.

“Effective Date” means the date on which the new NYSE listing standard 303A.14 becomes effective, related to recovery of Erroneously Awarded Incentive-Based
Executive Compensation.

“Erroneously Awarded Compensation” means the amount of Covered Compensation granted, vested or paid to a person during the fiscal period when the applicat
Financial Reporting Measure relating to such Covered Compensation was attained that exceeds the amount of Covered Compensation that otherwise would have
been granted, vested or paid to the person had such amount been determined based on the applicable Restatement, computed without regard to any taxes paid (i
on a pre-tax basis). For Covered Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, where the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation is not
subject to mathematical recalculation directly from the information in a Restatement, the Committee will determine the amount of such Covered Compensation thal
constitutes Erroneously Awarded Compensation, if any, based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Restatement on the stock price or total shareholder ret
upon which the Covered Compensation was granted, vested or paid and the Committee shall maintain documentation of such determination and provide such
documentation to the NYSE.

“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

“Executive Officer’ means each “officer” of the Company as defined under Rule 16a-1(f) under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, which shall be deemed to include a
individuals identified by the Company as executive officers pursuant to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act. Both current and former Executive
Officers are subject to the Policy in accordance with its terms.

“Financial Reporting Measure” means (i) any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the
Company's financial statements, and any measures derived wholly or in part from such measures and may consist of GAAP or non-GAAP financial measures (as
defined under Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act), (\i) stock price or (ii) total shareholder return. Financial
Reporting Measures may or may not be filed with the SEC and may be presented outside the Company's financial statements, such as in Managements’ Discussic
and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Result of Operations or in the performance graph required under Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act.

“Incentive-Based Compensation’ means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting
Measure. In addition, for purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed “Received” in the Company's fiscal period during which the Financial
Reporting Measure specified in or otherwise relating to the Incentive-Based Compensation award is attained, even if the grant, vesting or payment of the Incentive
Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period.

“Home Country” means the Company's jurisdiction of incorporation.
“Lookback Period” means the three completed fiscal years (plus any transition period of less than nine months that is within or immediately following the three

completed fiscal years and that results from a change in the Company's fiscal year) immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare i
Restatement for a given reporting period, with such date being the earlier of: (i) the date the Board, a committee of the Board, or the officer or officers of the Comp:

authorized to take such action if Board action is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an
Restatement, or (i) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare a Restatement.


Recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation under the Policy is not dependent on if or when the Restatement is actually filed.

k) “NYSE” means the New York Stock Exchange.

|) “Restatement” means a required accounting restatement of any Company financial statement due to the material noncompliance of the Company with any financie
reporting requirement under the securities laws, including (i) to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued
financial statements (commonly referred to as a “Big R" restatement) or (ii) to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is not material to the
previously issued financial statements but that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the
current period (commonly referred to as a “little r” restatement). Changes to the Company's financial statements that do not represent error corrections under the
then-current relevant accounting standards will not constitute Restatements. Recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation under the Policy is not depende
on fraud or misconduct by any person in connection with the Restatement.

m) “SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

n) “Subsidiary” means any domestic or foreign corporation, partnership, association, joint stock company, joint venture, trust or unincorporated organization “affiliated
with the Company, that is, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, “controlling”, “controlled by" or “under common control with”, the Company.
“Control” for this purpose means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, contract or otherwise.

2. Recoupment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation

In the event of a Restatement, any Erroneously Awarded Compensation Received during the Lookback Period prior to the Restatement (a) that is then-outstanding but has n
yet been paid shall be automatically and immediately forfeited; and (b) that has been paid to any person, shall be subject to reasonably prompt repayment to the Company Group
accordance with Section 3 of this Policy. The Committee must pursue (and shall not have the discretion to waive) the forfeiture and/or repayment of such Erroneously Awarded
Compensation in accordance with Section 3 of this Policy, except as provided below.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee (or, if the Committee is not a committee of the Board responsible for the Company's executive compensation decisions and
composed entirely of independent directors, a majority of the independent directors serving on the Board) may determine not to pursue the forfeiture and/or recovery of Erroneous
‘Awarded Compensation from any person if the Committee determines that such forfeiture and/or recovery would be impracticable due to any of the following circumstances: (i) thy
direct expense paid to a third party (for example, reasonable legal expenses and consulting fees) to assist in enforcing the Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered
(following reasonable attempts by the Company Group to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, the documentation of such attempts, and the provision of such
documentation to the NYSE) (i) pursuing such recovery would violate the Company's Home Country laws adopted prior to November 28, 2022 (provided that the Company obtair
an opinion of Home Country counsel acceptable to the NYSE that recovery would result in such a violation and provides such opinion to the NYSE), or (ii) recovery would likely
cause any otherwise tax-qualified retirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to employees of Company Group, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(:
(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder.

Means of Repayment

In the event that the Committee determines that any person shall repay any Erroneously Awarded Compensation, the Committee shall provide written notice to such person |
‘email or certified mail to the physical address on file with the Company Group for such person, and the person shall satisfy such repayment in a manner and on such terms as
required by the Committee, and the Company Group shall be entitled to set off the repayment amount against any amount owed to the person by the Company Group, to require
forfeiture of any award granted by the Company Group to the person, or to take any and all necessary actions to reasonably promptly recoup the repayment amount from the
person, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, including without limitation, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations and guidance
thereunder. if the Committee does not specify a repayment timing in the written notice described above, the applicable person shall be required to repay the Erroneously Awarded
‘Compensation to the Company Group by wire, cash or cashier's check no later than thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice.

4. No Indemnification

No person shall be indemnified, insured or reimbursed by the Company Group in respect of any loss of compensation by such person in accordance with this Policy, nor sha
any person receive any advancement of expenses for disputes related to any loss of compensation by such person in accordance with this Policy, and no person shall be paid or
reimbursed by the Company Group for any premiums paid by such person for any third-party insurance policy covering potential recovery obligations under this Policy. For this
purpose, “indemnification” includes any modification to current compensation arrangements or other means that would amount to de facto indemnification (for example, providing
person a new cash award which would be cancelled to effect the recovery of any Erroneously Awarded Corhpensation). In no event shall the Company Group be required to awar
any person an additional payment if any Restatement would result in a higher incentive compensation payment.


5. Miscellaneous

‘The Board has the authority to amend this Policy as provided by Section 6 below. This Policy generally will be administered and interpreted by the Committee, provided that
Board may, from time to time, exercise discretion to administer and interpret this Policy, in which case, all references herein to “Committee” shall be deemed to refer to the Board.
Any determination by the Committee with respect to this Policy shall be final, conclusive and binding on all interested parties. Any discretionary determinations of the Committee
under this Policy, if any, need not be uniform with respect to all persons, and may be made selectively amongst persons, whether or not such persons are similarly situated.

This Policy is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as it may be amended from time to tin
and any related rules or regulations promulgated by the SEC or the NYSE, including any additional or new requirements that become effective after the Effective Date which upor
effectiveness shall be deemed to automatically amend this Policy to the extent necessary to comply with such additionat or new requirements.

The provisions in this Policy are intended to be applied to the fullest extent of the law. To the extent that any provision of this Policy is found to be unenforceable or invalid un
any applicable law, such provision will be applied to the maximum extent permitted and shall automatically be deemed amended in a manner consistent with its objectives to the
extent necessary to conform to applicable law. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Policy shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of
Policy. Recoupment of Erroneously Awarded Compensation under this Policy is not dependent upon the Company Group satisfying any conditions in this Policy, including any
requirements to provide applicable documentation to the NYSE.

The rights of the Company Group under this Policy to seek forfeiture or reimbursement are separate from and in addition to, and not in lieu of, any rights of recoupment, or
remedies or rights other than recoupment, that may be available to the Company Group pursuant to the terms of any law, government regulation or stock exchange listing
requirement or any other policy, code of conduct, charter, employee handbook, employment agreement, equity award agreement (including without limitation, the Executive Long-
Term Incentive Award Grant Agreements issued under the Pfizer Inc. 2014 Stock Plan, the Pfizer Inc. 2019 Stock Plan and any successor plan, and the related Executive Points
Interest documents), the Company Group's Global Performance Plan, or other plan or agreement of the Company Group (each an “Other Recoupment Policy’). To the extent that
Erroneously Awarded Compensation is also subject to recoupment pursuant to any Other Recoupment Policy, the Company Group shall not recover compensation, or obtain
payment, reimbursement or restitution, in an amount that exceeds the greater of the maximum amount recoupable under this Policy or any Other Recoupment Policy.

6. Amendment and Termination

To the extent permitted by, and in a manner consistent with applicable law, including SEC and NYSE rules, the Board may terminate, suspend or amend this Policy at any tin
in its discretion.

7. Successors

This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all persons and their respective beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives with respec!
any Covered Compensation granted, vested or paid to or administered by such persons or entities.

