Company Registration No. 00083758

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

Annual Report and Financial Statements

For the year ended 30 June 2024

Ww

A06 27/03/2025 #
COMPANIES HOUSE

I)

THURSDAY

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 30 June 2024

CONTENTS

Officers and professional advisers
Strategic report

Directors’ report

Directors' responsibilities statement
Independent auditor's report
Statement of profit & loss
Statement of financial position
Statement of changes in equity
Statement of cash flows

Notes to the financial statements

Page

10

ll

14

15

16

7

18

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

ANNUAL REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 30 June 2024

OFFICERS AND PROFESSIONAL ADVISERS

DIRECTORS

AJ Appleton (resigned 11 January 2024)

RC Maftei (resigned 1 July 2023)

AM Ewen

K Whittington Alderson (appointed 1 July 2023)

W Moukarzel (appointed 11 January 2024)

T Moody (appointed 8 November 2024, resigned 4 February 2025)

COMPANY SECRETARY
AJ Appleton (resigned 11 January 2024)

REGISTERED OFFICE

The Heights
Brooklands
Weybridge
Surrey

United Kingdom
KT13 OXP

COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION
United Kingdom

BANKERS

Citibank NA
Citigroup Centre
25 Canada Square
London

E14 SLB

AUDITOR

Deloitte LLP

100 Embankment
Cathedral Approach
Manchester

M3 7FB

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

STRATEGIC REPORT

The directors present-their Annual Report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024.

BUSINESS REVIEW

The principal activity of the company is that of an investment company. This will remain the principal activity for the
foreseeable future.

Profit for the financial year was £209,411,000 (2023: £158,315,000), primarily due to cash dividends received of
£4,500,000 (2023: £158,040,000), a dividend in specie received of £264,501,000 (2023: £nil) and interest income of
£103,000 (2023: £275,000). This is partially offset by amounts written off investments of £59,693,000 (2023: £nil).
The statement of profit & loss is on page 14 of the financial statements.

The statement of financial position is on page 15 of the financial statements. Net assets have increased by
£301,097,000 due to the profit for the year and the contribution of the indirect investment in Procter & Gamble
Manufacturing Ireland Limited at a value of £91,686,000 as described below.

On 27 February 2024, the company received a dividend of £3,829,760 from Gillette Industries Limited, and a dividend
of £170,176 from Gillette U.K. Limited.

On 21 June 2024 the company received a distribution in specie from Gillette Industries consisting of its entire
investment in Gillette UK Limited. The shares distributed had a book value of £15,904,711.

On 21 June 2024 the company received distributions in specie from Procter & Gamble UK Group Holdings Limited
consisting of its entire investments in Procter & Gamble Technical Centres Limited and Procter & Gamble Product
Supply (U.K.) Limited. The shares distributed had a book values of £118,937,711 and £129,658,693 respectively.

On 25 June 2024 the company received a dividend of £500,000 from Gillette Industries Limited.

On 27 June 2024 Gillette Latin America Holding B.V. contributed the entire share capital of Procter & Gamble
Manufacturing Ireland Limited to Procter & Gamble Limited in exchange for one ordinary £1 share and share premium
of £91,685,503.

On 27 June 2024 Procter & Gamble Limited contributed the entire share capital of Procter & Gamble Manufacturing
Ireland Limited to Procter & Gamble UK Group Holdings Limited in exchange for one ordinary £1 share and share
premium of £91,685,503.

On 27 June 2024 Procter & Gamble Limited contributed the entire share capital of Gillette UK Limited to Procter &
Gamble Product Supply (U.K.) Limited in exchange for one ordinary £1 share and share premium of £100,275,999.

The Procter & Gamble group (‘the group’) manages its operations on a divisional basis. For this reason, the company
directors believe that further key performance indicators for the company are not necessary or appropriate for an
understanding of the development, performance or position of the business, and consequently consider there to be no
additional KPIs other than those on the primary financial statements. The performance of The Procter & Gamble
Company, which includes the company, is discussed in the group’s Annual Report available via www.pg.com, which
does not form part of this report.

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The company has no third-party finance exposure. Group risks are discussed in the group’s Annual Report, which
does not form part of this report.

Liquidity risk is managed on a group-wide basis. The group operates a system whereby any excess cash held by an
individual company is transferred to a global cash pool. Similarly if the company requires additional cash resource it
can draw down funds from the cash pool. It has a contractual right to receive the funds held within the cash pool within
one day’s notice. We are not aware of any circumstances that would impact on the ability of the cash pool to provide
the funds required to remain in operation for the foreseeable future.

Market risk, including interest rate risk, have been considered by the directors. We do not believe that changes in
interest rate will have a significant impact on the Company’s profit or loss.

The directors have reviewed the above key risks and have concluded that the company does not expect that these risks
will have a significant impact on the company’s ability to continue to operate under the current business model.

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

STRATEGIC REPORT (CONTINUED)

SECTION 172 COMPANIES ACT 2006

Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 requires a director of a company to act in the way he or she considers, in good
faith, would be most likely to promote the success of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole. In doing
this, section 172 requires a director to have regard, amongst other matters, to the following:

the likely consequences of any decision in the long term,
the interests of the company's employees,

the need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others,

the impact of the company's operations on the community and the environment,

the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct, and
the need to act fairly between members of the company.

In discharging our section 172 duties the directors of Procter & Gamble Limited (“Company”) have regard to the
factors set out above. We also have regard to other factors which we consider relevant to the decision being made.
Those factors, for example, include the interests and views of our shareholder, other group companies, pension scheme
members and other relevant stakeholders. By considering the Company's Purpose, Values and Principles (PVPs)
together with its strategic priorities we aim to make sure that our decisions have taken a broad perspective and
considered impacts on our stakeholders. Further details of our Purpose, Values and Principles can be found at
www.pg.co.uk/policies-and-practices/purpose-values-and-principles/.

Further details of our Purpose, Values and Principles can be found at www.pg.co.uk/policies-and-practices/purpose-
values-and-principles/.

We operate within the spirit and letter of the law, maintaining high ethical standards wherever we conduct business,
as set out in our Worldwide Business Conduct Manual (available at www.pg.co.uk/policies-and-
practices/worldwide-business-conduct-manual/). A sustainably strong business depends on maintaining trust, and
that requires maintaining strong ethical and compliance standards and ensuring strong Board leadership and
oversight. That is why good governance, including our Purpose, Values, and Principles, is the foundation for
everything we do, rather than a separate focus area.

As is normal for large, private companies, we delegate authority for day-to-day management of the Company to senior
management, including directors, and then engage management in setting, approving and overseeing execution of the
business strategy and related policies. We also have an established Company governance process, led by the delegated
Company financial steward (a member of the Company’s Board), with quarterly reviews taking place to monitor
business performance and controls. Board and governance meetings are held periodically and where key decisions
are being considered, Board and governance Board members require detailed review and preparation ahead of the
Board meeting. This includes consideration of, and liaison with, stakeholders as appropriate in order that the Board
can reach an informed decision. During the year, ongoing reviews were performed when considering citizenship
impact, relationships with pension schemes and the proposed payment of dividends.

Fostering business relationships

The Company's key stakeholders are its employees, customers, consumers, suppliers, shareholder, pension scheme
members and trustees, relevant regulatory authorities and the local communities in which it operates. The views of
and the impact of the Company's activities on those stakeholders are an important consideration for directors when
making relevant decisions. While there are cases where the Board itself judges that it should engage directly with
certain stakeholder groups or on certain issues, the size and spread of our stakeholders means that generally our
stakeholder engagement best takes place at an operational level. We bring the stakeholder voice into the boardroom
through information provided by senior management and by direct engagement by the directors with stakeholders
themselves, where appropriate.

Stakeholder engagement can inform our corporate practices, help sharpen our thinking, and strengthen our approach.
This journey of partnership ultimately furthers our commitment to build the business, be a good corporate neighbour
and to improve lives in the communities where we live and work.

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

STRATEGIC REPORT (CONTINUED)

SECTION 172 COMPANIES ACT 2006 (CONTINUED)

Coming Together in Our Communities

Our citizenship efforts reflect the contributions of employees across the Company. Our programmes help ensure
P&G people are inspired, feel valued and rewarded, and continue to grow while they build the business and help
improve lives in the communities where we live and work.

In our Community Impact work, we support people in need around the world through our brands and products that
help restore normalcy in uncertain times. With our partners, we also provide clean drinking water with our
Children’s Safe Drinking Water Program to support people who lack access to clean water daily.

We have dedicated community programmes to support charities on a regional and local level.

Employee engagement

We regard close and open communication with all employees as a key to our long-term growth and success and our
ability to manage change successfully. This commitment is influenced by many factors, not least being a strong
sense of involvement with the business.

Open communications give employees the opportunity to provide input into decisions that affect their jobs and careers.
Some of the key activities that involve employees are:

¢ the setting of corporate business goals and progress are communicated to employees by video presentations and
local meetings on a regular basis;

© the continued training for employees to develop and implement ways of improving results on an ongoing basis;

© the formation of teams from different parts and levels of the business, both to tackle major projects and to ensure
optimum efficiency of the ongoing operation;

© the timely notification to employees of changes to the business, its organisation and its products, and full discussion
of the likely effects on them;

* the continued regular issue of internal business and operational updates to all employees;

* the encouragement of employee involvement in company performance through participation in the Procter &
Gainble 1-4-1 Plan, which entitles employees to purchase shares in The Procter & Gamble Company; and

¢ Regular employee surveys to identify general opportunities to further improve employee involvement.

At Procter & Gamble we strive to promote a work environment of confidence and trust. Our Worldwide Business
Conduct Manual and Employee Rights Policy provides employees with clear guidance on specific situations they
may face and directs them where to go when they have questions or concerns. Procter & Gamble is a recognised
leader in providing a safe, healthy, secure and productive work environment. We are committed to maintaining a
workplace that is free of violence, harassment, intimidation or other unsafe or disruptive behaviours or conditions
due to threats inside or outside of our facilities. Each employee has a personal responsibility to their fellow
employees and to the Company to follow all Company safety and security procedures, as well as applicable laws
and regulations.

The Procter & Gamble group of companies serves billions of consumers all over the world. Its ability to do this most
effectively is enabled by a workforce and culture that understands, respects and reflects the uniqueness of all the
consumers we serve — inclusive of all genders, races, ethnicities, sexual orientations, ages and abilities. More balanced.
and representative leadership, and diversity throughout our organisation, is helping to drive balanced and sustainable
growth as we serve an increasingly diverse set of consumers.

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

STRATEGIC REPORT (CONTINUED)

SECTION 172 COMPANIES ACT 2006 (CONTINUED)
RESPECTING OUR ENVIRONMENT

Our efforts in Environmental Sustainability are important for creating irresistibly superior products for consumers
and for creating value while improving the Procter & Gamble group of companies’ environmental impact, enabling
consumers to reduce their footprint, and helping society solve some of the most pressing sustainability challenges.

In 2021, the Procter & Gamble group of companies announced a 2040 net zero ambition and published a Climate
Transition Action Plan. The Procter & Gamble group of companies has also declared our Ambition 2030
environment sustainability goals aim to create value for consumers and our company while enabling and inspiring
positive impact. These goals focus on where we know we can make the biggest positive difference — our brands,
our supply chain, society and our employees.

Additional detailed information on The Procter & Gamble Company’s sustainability efforts can be found on our
website at https://pginvestor.com/esg.

NON-FINANCIAL AND SUSTAINABILITY INFORMATION STATEMENT

The governance arrangements of Procter & Gamble Limited (“the Company”) in relation to climate-related risks and
opportunities are managed in a globally consistent and integrated way by our US parent, The Procter & Gamble
Company.

Governance and risk management

The Board of Directors of The Procter & Gamble Company oversees the alignment of ESG commitments and the
integration of climate-related objectives into The Procter & Gamble Company's business strategy. It has oversight of
climate related risks and opportunities at a strategic level, and oversight of significant climate related investments.

The Procter & Gamble Company has a governance structure in place for climate-related issues:

- The Climate Council, chaired by Global Climate Leader (Senior Director of Global Sustainability), comprises
climate and energy leaders from various sectors including Manufacturing, R&D, Government Relations,
Procurement, Legal, Finance, Corporate Sustainability, and Communications. Its primary purposes are to
monitor external trends and developments related to climate change, develop and maintain The Procter &
Gamble Company's overall Climate Strategy, and track progress against climate-related goals, implementing
necessary interventions as needed. The council meets monthly and highlights relevant issues to the ESG
Executive Council for strategic guidance and alignment through the Vice President of Sustainability.

- The ESG Executive Council is responsible for overseeing The Procter & Gamble Company's environmental,
social, and governance (ESG) efforts, including climate change initiatives. It monitors progress against ESG
goals, provides strategic direction, aligns proposed programs, and discusses resource needs, meeting
quarterly. Climate change is integrated into the broader sustainability agenda, with relevant topics brought
forward as needed. Council members include the Chief R&D Officer, Chief HR Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, and Chief Legal Officer, who collaborate directly with the Board of Directors and its Committees,
including the Governance & Public Responsibility Committee, which oversees corporate sustainability goals
and progress.

- The Governance & Public Responsibility Committee of the Board of Directors has oversight of The Procter
& Gamble Company’s corporate sustainability goals and progress against those goals, including climate-
related objectives. The Chair of the Governance & Public Responsibility Committee updates the full Board
as needed. In addition, the Board of Directors is responsible for the alignment and integration of The Procter
& Gamble Company’s sustainability objectives with its business strategy, including review of climate-related
risks and opportunities at a strategic level. As such, sustainability-related topics are brought forward and
discussed by the Board as needed.

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

STRATEGIC REPORT (CONTINUED)

In addition to the structure above, The Procter & Gamble Company maintains an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
process to identify and assess risk factors via a multi-functional team of experienced resources. Findings and
recommendations made through the ERM process are reviewed with senior managers, in addition to The Procter &
Gamble Company’s Board of Directors and its Audit Committee, which has oversight responsibilities. Leaders of The
Procter & Gamble Company assess significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial
position, or future financial performance and includes an assessment of environmental sustainability risk factors. The
Vice President of Sustainability and the Chief Sustainability Officer participate in the ERM process to provide
perspective on relevant sustainability topics, including climate change. The Procter & Gamble Company has set
climate guidance, which is deployed to the business units, and the business units where appropriate direct activities
at a country/ site level. Relevant findings of the climate risk assessment are shared with the directors of the Company.

The Company contributes to the corporate management of climate related risks through a local Northern Europe Public
Affairs Council which is a cross function group (comprised of Regulatory, Legal, Government Relations,
Communications and Finance representatives with sustainability embedded in each function) that meets monthly to
monitor external topics, issues and developments related to climate (and other citizenship related topics) and how they
may impact Procter & Gamble operations’ and reputation. The Council reports on a quarterly basis to the Northern
Europe Governance Board (comprised of the Northern Europe General Manager, Human Resources, Finance, Legal,
Government Relations and Communications). Any topics deemed as high priority and importance to the Company
either locally, regionally, or globally are shared back with the Europe Regional Governance Board and with the global
ERM program as necessary.

Strategy and climate related risks

As a holding/investment company, the directors of the Company primarily consider climate change in relation to the
effect on the value of the investment in subsidiaries. The directors of the Company carry out an assessment of this
value at least annually. The directors of the Company have considered the climate risk assessment as it relates to the
Company in the short (1-3 years) and medium (3-10 years) term and outside the normal business planning timeframe
(10-30 years) in reaching the conclusion that there are no material climate related risk or opportunities to report, for
both physical and transitional risks and opportunities. This assessment is based on the insights the directors gained
through their review of the climate risk assessment as outlined above.

Metrics and targets

Along with the assessment described above and given the nature of the Company's operations within The Procter &
Gamble Company in which climate related risks and opportunities are managed by The Procter & Gamble Company,
the directors do not consider that disclosures e, f, g and h are relevant for the purposes of understanding the Company's
business.

Additional information on The Procter & Gamble Company’s ESG efforts is available at www.pginvestor.com/esg

GOING CONCERN

At 30 June 2024 the company had a receivable of £5,018,000 with the cash pool and total assets less total liabilities
of £593,713,000. In addition the company generated a profit of £209,411,000 for the financial year before the payment
of dividends. Thus the directors have a reasonable expectation that the company has adequate resources to continue
in operational existence for the fofreseeable future. Accordingly, they continue to adopt the going concern basis in
preparing the Annual Report and financial statements.

Further details regarding the adoption of the going concern basis can be found in the significant accounting policies
in note 3 of the financial statements.

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

STRATEGIC REPORT (CONTINUED)

FUTURE DEVELOPMENTS

It is the intention of the directors to continue to operate the business as an investment company.

Approved by the Board of Directors and signed on behalf of the Board

Kathryn Whittington Alderson
Ratna mn Alderson (Mar 2572025 1647 GMT}

K Whittington Alderson
Director

25 March 2025

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal activity of the company is that of an investment company. This will remain the principal activity for the
foreseeable future.

DIRECTORS

The directors who served during the year and subsequently are shown on page 1. The company has made qualifying
third-party indemnity provisions for the benefit of all directors, some of whom are also directors of other group
companies, which were made during the year and remain in force at the date of this report.

RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS, AND POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS

The company’s profit after tax for the year is £209,41 1,000 (2023: £158,315,000) and total assets less liabilities at 30
June were £593,713,000 (2023: £292,616,000).

On 27 February 2024, the company received a dividend of £3,829,760 from Gillette Industries Limited, and a dividend
of £170,176 from Gillette U.K. Limited.

On 21 June 2024 the company received a distribution in specie from Gillette Industries consisting of its entire
investment in Gillette UK Limited. The shares distributed had a book value of £15,904,711.

On 21 June 2024 the company received distributions in specie from Procter & Gamble UK Group Holdings Limited
consisting of its entire investments in Procter & Gamble Technical Centres Limited and Procter & Gamble Product
Supply (U.K.) Limited. The shares distributed had a book values of £118,937,711 and £129,658,693 respectively.

On 25 June 2024 the company received a dividend of £500,000 from Gillette Industries Limited.

Post balance sheet events are described in note 18.

GOING CONCERN AND FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

The directors set out in the strategic report the reason for the adoption of the going concern basis in preparing the
Annual Report and financial statements for the company along with policies in relation to liquidity risk and future
developments.

ENERGY AND CARBON REPORTING
No disclosures are made in respect of carbon and energy reporting as the company consumed less than 40,000K Wh.
EMPLOYEE INVOLVEMENT AND STATEMENT OF BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS

The directors summarise,the company’s approach to employee engagement and business relationships in the Strategic
Report.

POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS

No contributions were made for political purposes (2023: none).

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

DIRECTORS’ REPORT (CONTINUED)

AUDITOR
Each of the persons who is a director at the date of approval of this report confirms that:

(1) so far as the director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the company's auditor is unaware;
and

(2) the director has taken all the steps that he/she ought to have taken as a director in order to make himself/herself
aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the company's auditor is aware of that information.

This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of $418 of the Companies
Act 2006.

Deloitte LLP have expressed their willingness to continue in office as auditor and a resolution to reappoint them will
be proposed at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.

Approved by the Board of Directors and signed on behalf of the Board.

Whittiy Iderson

Kathryn whittington Alderson (Mar 2572025 16:47 GMT)

K Whittington Alderson
Director

25 March 2025

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES STATEM!

The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the financial statements in accordance with
applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the directors
have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom adopted international accounting
standards and in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006. Under company law the directors must
not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs
of the company and of the profit or loss of the company for that period. In preparing these financial statements,
International Accounting Standard 1 requires that directors:

© — properly select and apply accounting policies;

© present information, including accounting policies, in a manner that provides relevant, reliable, comparable and
understandable information;

* provide additional disclosures when compliance with the specific requirements of the financial reporting
framework are insufficient to enable users to understand the impact of particular transactions, other events and
conditions on the entity's financial position and financial performance; and

¢ make an assessment of the company's ability to continue as a going concern,

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the company and
enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. They are also responsible
for safeguarding the assets of the company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of
fraud and other irregularities.

The directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the corporate and financial information included on
the company’s website. Legislation in the United Kingdom goveming the preparation and dissemination of financial
statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.

This responsibility statement was approved by the board of directors on 13 March 2025 and is signed on its behalf by:
By order of the Board

Kathryn Whittingt in Alderson
kathryn Whittington Alderson (Mar 2572025 16:47 GMT)

K Whittington Alderson
Director

25 March 2025

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PROCTER &
GAMBLE LIMITED

Report on the audit of the financial statements
Opinion
In our opinion the financial statements of Procter & Gamble Limited (the ‘company’):

© give a true and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs as at 30 June 2024 and of its profit for the year
then ended;

have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom adopted international accounting standards;
and

© have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We have audited the financial statements which comprise:

the statement of profit & loss;

the statement of financial position;
the statement of changes in equity;
the statement of cash flow; and
the related notes 1 to 18.

The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom
adopted international accounting standards.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable
law. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor's responsibilities for the audit of
the financial statements section of our report.

We are independent of the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the
financial statements in the UK, including the Financial Reporting Council’s (the ‘FRC’s’) Ethical Standard, and we
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the Directors’ use of the going concer basis of accounting
in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events or
conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concem for a period of at least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the Directors with respect to going concem are described in the relevant

sections of this report.
Other information

The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial statements and
our auditor’s report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information contained within the annual report
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise
explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit, or otherwise appears
to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are
required to determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in the financial statements themselves. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

11

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PROCTER &
GAMBLE LIMITED (CONTINUED)

Responsibilities of directors

As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement, the directors are responsible for the preparation
of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as
the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and
are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website
at: www. fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor’s report.

Extent to which the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in
line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities, including
fraud. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed below.

We considered the nature of the company’s industry and its control environment, and reviewed the company’s
documentation of their policies and procedures relating to fraud and compliance with laws and regulations. We also
enquired of management and the directors about their own identification and assessment of the risks of irregularities,
including those that are specific to the company’s business sector.

We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that the company operates in, and identified the
key laws and regulations that:

¢ had a direct effect on the determination of material amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. These
included the UK Companies Act and Tax legislation; and

e do not have a direct effect on the financial statements but compliance with which may be fundamental to the
Company’s ability to operate or to avoid a material penalty.

We discussed among the audit engagement team including relevant internal specialists regarding the opportunities
and incentives that may exist within the organisation for fraud and how and where fraud might occur in the financial
statements.

In common with all audits under ISAs (UK), we are also required to perform specific procedures to respond to the
risk of management override. In addressing the risk of fraud through management override of controls, we tested the
appropriateness of journal entries and other adjustments; assessed whether the judgements made in making accounting
estimates are indicative of a potential bias; and evaluated the business rationale of any significant transactions that are
unusual or outside the normal course of business.

12

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PROCTER &
GAMBLE LIMITED (CONTINUED)

Extent to which the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud (continued)
In addition to the above, our procedures to respond to the risks identified included the following:

« reviewing financial statement disclosures by testing to supporting documentation to assess compliance with
provisions of relevant laws and regulations described as having a direct effect on the financial statements;

© performing analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships that may indicate risks
of material misstatement due to fraud;

enquiring of management concerning actual and potential litigation and claims, and instances of non-
compliance with laws and regulations; and

¢ — reading minutes of meetings of those charged with governance.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements
Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

the information given in the strategic report and the directots’ report for the financial year for which the
financial statements are prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and

¢ the strategic report and the directors’ report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
requirements.

In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of the
audit, we have not identified any material misstatements in the strategic report or the directors’ report.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report in respect of the following matters if, in our opinion:

* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received
from branches not visited by us; or

e the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

© certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.

Use of our report

This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members those
matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted
by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company and the company’s members as
a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Giles laps

Giles Murphy FCA (Senior Statutory Auditor)
For and on behalf of Deloitte LLP

Statutory Auditor

Manchester, United Kingdom

25 March 2025

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

STATEMENT OF PROFIT & LOSS
For the year ended 30 June 2024

Note 2024 2023

£7000 £000

Dividends from subsidiaries 8 4,500 158,040
Dividends in specie 8 264,501. -
Amounts written off investments 10 (59,693) -
Interest income 9 103 275
PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION 209,411 158,315
Income tax 11 - -

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR FROM
CONTINUING OPERATIONS 209,411 158,315

There are no recognised gains and losses for the current financial year and preceding financial year other than those
shown in the above profit and loss account, therefore total comprehensive income is equal to the profit for the financial
year. As a result no separate statement of comprehensive income has been presented.

14

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITON

As at 30 June 2024

ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS
Trade and other receivables

Total current assets
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Investments in associates and subsidiaries

Total non-current assets

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILTIES AND EQUITY
TOTAL LIABILITIES

EQUITY

Called-up share capital
Share Premium

Capital redemption reserve
Capital contribution reserve
Retained earnings

Total Equity

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Note

15
15
15
15
15

2024
£7000

5,018

5,018

588,695
588,695

593,713

44,104
123,386
28,497
21,631
376,095

593,713

593,713

2023
£7000

414
414

292,202
292,202

292,616

44,104
31,700
28,497
21,631

166,684

292,616

292,616

The financial statements of Procter & Gamble Limited (registered number 00083758), were approved by the Board

of Directors and authorised for issue on 25 March 2025.

Signed on behalf of the Board of Directors

_Kathryn whittington Alderson

Kathryn Whittington Alderson (Mar 2572025 16:47 GMT)

K Whittington Alderson
Director

15

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended 30 June 2024

Balance at i July 2022

Profit and total comprehensive income
for the financial year

Dividends paid

Balance at 30 June 2023

Profit and total comprehensive income
for the financial year

Issue of Share Capital

Balance at 30 June 2024

EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

Note Called up Share Capi Capital Profit Total
Share Premium redemption contribution —_and loss Equity

Capital Account reserve reserve account £000

£7000 £000 £7000 £000 £7000

44,104 31,700 28,497 21,631 198,369 324,301

- - - - 158,315 158,315

12 - - - - (190,000) (190,000)
44,104 31,700 28,497 21,631 166,684 292,616

- - - - 209,411 209,411

15 - 91,686 - - - 91,686
44,104 123,386 28,497 21,631 376,095 593,713


PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 30 June 2024

June 30 June 30
Notes 2024 2023
£7000 £000
Profit after tax 209,411 158,315
Adjustment to reconcile profit to net cash from operating
activities
Dividends received 8 (269,001) (158,040)
Impairment in investment 13 59,693
Interest Received 9 (103) (275)
Interest Paid 10 - :
Operating cash flows before movements in working - -
capital
Cash Flow from changes in working capital - -
Net cash from operating activities - -
Income taxes paid - -
Net cash generated by operating activities - -
Cash flows generated from investing activities
Dividends received 8 4,500 158,040
Interest received 9 103 275
(Increase) / reduction in deposit with group cash pool 17 (4,603) 31,685
Net cash flows generated from investing activities - 190,000
Cash flows used in financing acti
Dividend Paid 12 - (190,000)
Interest Paid . -
Net cash flows used in financing activities - (190,000)

Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Year

Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Year


PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 30 June 2024

2.

GENERAL INFORMATION

Procter & Gamble Limited is a company incorporated in the United Kingdom under the Companies Act 2006.
The company is a privately owned company limited by shares, registered in England and Wales. The address
of the registered office is given on page 1. The nature of the company’s operations and its principal activities
are set out in the strategic report on page 2.

Procter & Gamble Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Procter & Gamble group and operates as part
of the group’s Western European region. As described in the strategic report, the principal activity of the
company is that of an investment company. This will remain the principal activity for the foreseeable future.

The directors regard The Procter & Gamble Company, a company incorporated in the United States of America,
as the ultimate parent company and Procter & Gamble Investment Holding B.V., a company incorporated in
the Netherlands, as the immediate parent company. The registered address of this company address of Weena
505 Delftse Poort, Tower B, 10" Floor, 3013 AL Rotterdam.

The smallest and largest group the company is consolidated into is The Procter & Gamble Company, which is
incorporated in the United States of America. Copies of the group financial statements for The Procter &
Gamble Company can be obtained from 1 Procter & Gamble Plaza, PO Box 599, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202, USA,
which is the company’s registered address.

The ultimate controlling party is The Procter & Gamble Company.

The financial statements are expressed in Pound sterling (£) because that is the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the Company operates.

BASIS OF PREPARATION

Statement of Compliance

Procter & Gamble Limited is a company incorporated in the United Kingdom under the Companies Act 2006.
The financial statements are prepared in accordance with applicable United Kingdom adopted International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and the Companies Act 2006. The accounting policies adopted are
described below. These have all been applied consistently in both the current and preceding financial years.

The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis.
Basis of consolidation

Under the provisions of s401 of the Companies Act 2006 the company is exempt from the obligation to prepare
and deliver group financial statements as it is included in the consolidated financial statements of The Procter
& Gamble Company. Accordingly, these financial statements present information about the company as an
individual entity and not as a group.

Going concern

The company’s business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its future development, performance
and position, are set out in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report on pages 2 to 7. The Strategic Report
also sets out the principal risks and uncertainties facing the company. The company’s future trading relies on
the ability of its investments to continue to generate cash. The Directors, having assessed the future trading of
these investments, have no reason to believe there is a doubt over the ability of this company to continue as a
going concer.

The principal activity of the company is that of an investment company. Liquidity is managed on a group basis
across the entire Procter & Gamble Group. The directors are not aware of any circumstances whereby there
would be insufficient liquidity in the Procter and Gamble Group to allow the company to meet its obligations
as they fall due.

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

2.

BASIS OF PREPARATION (continued)

Going Concern (continued)

At30 June 2024 the company had a receivable of £5,018,000 with the cash pool and total assets less total liabilities
of £593,713,000. In addition the company generated a profit of £209,411,000 for the financial year. Thus the
directors have a reasonable expectation that the company has adequate resources to continue in operational
existence for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, they continue to adopt the going concem basis in preparing the
Annual Report and financial statements.

Adoption of new and amended IFRS Accounting Standards that are effective for the current year

In the current year, the Company has not applied any amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) that are mandatorily effective for an accounting period that
begins on or after 1 January 2023 as their content is not applicable to the Company and therefore their adoption
would have no impact on the disclosures or the amounts reported in these financial statements. Standards issued
but not yet effective are not expected to have a significant impact on the Company.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

3.1 Financial Instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized in the financial statements when the Company becomes a
party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

Initial recognition

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial
assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the
acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) are recognized
immediately in profit or loss.

Financial assets

Classification and subsequent measurement

All recognized financial assets are subsequently measured in their entirety at either amortized cost or fair value,
depending on the classification of the financial assets.

Fair value is determined in the manner described in Note 5.

Financial assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost or fair value on the basis of the entity’s business.
model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets, as
follows:

¢ financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective is to collect the contractual cash
flows, and that have contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
principal amount outstanding (SPPI), are subsequently measured at amortized cost;

¢ financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective is both to collect the contractual
cash flows and to sell the debt instruments, and that have contractual cash flows that are SPPI, are
subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI);

* all other financial assets managed on their fair value basis and equity instruments are subsequently
measured at FVTPL.

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

3.1

Financial Instruments (continued)

However, the Company may make the following irrevocable election/designation at initial recognition of a
financial asset:

e the Company may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment
in OCI if it is neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration recognized by an acquirer in a
business combination to which IFRS 3 applies; and

¢ the Company may irrevocably designate a debt investment that meets the amortized cost or FVTOCI
criteria as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

Amortized cost and effective interest method

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized cost of a financial asset and of allocating
interest income over the relevant period.

For financial instruments other than purchased or originated credit-impaired (POCI) financial assets (i.e.
assets that are credit-impaired on initial recognition), the effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts
estimated future cash receipts (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the
effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) excluding expected credit losses
(ECL), through the expected life of the debt instrument, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the gross
carrying amount of the debt instrument on initial recognition.

The amortized cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial
recognition minus the principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortization using the effective interest
method of any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount, adjusted for any loss
allowance. On the other hand, the gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortized cost of a financial
asset before adjusting for any loss allowance.

Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method for debt instruments measured subsequently
at amortized cost and at FVTOCI.

For financial instruments other than POCI financial assets, interest income is calculated by applying the
effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have
subsequently become credit-impaired.

For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognized by applying
the effective interest rate to the amortized cost of the financial asset. If, in subsequent reporting periods, the
credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-
impaired, interest income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of
the financial asset.

Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

On initial recognition, the Company may make an irrevocable election (on an instrument-by-instrument basis)
to designate investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI. Designation at FVTOCT is not permitted if the
equity investment is held for trading or if it is contingent consideration recognized by an acquirer in a business
combination to which IFRS 3 applies.

Foreign exchange gains and losses

The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that
foreign currency and translated at the rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions and
exchange differences are recognized in profit or loss.

20

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

3.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

3.1 Financial Instruments (continued)

Impairment of financial assets

The Company recognizes a loss allowance for ECL on financial assets measured at amortized cost or at
FVTOCI. No impairment loss is recognized for investments in equity instruments.

The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition
of the respective financial instrument.

The Company always recognizes lifetime ECL for trade receivables. The ECL on these financial assets are
estimated using a provision matrix based on the Company’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for
factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as
well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of money where
appropriate.

For all other financial instruments, the Company recognizes lifetime ECL when there has been a significant
increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If, on the other hand, the credit risk on the financial instrument
has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Company measures the loss allowance for that
financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should
be recognized is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since in:
recognition instead of on evidence of a financial asset being credit-impaired at the reporting date or an actual
default occurring.

Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of a
financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to
result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.

ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of the present value of credit losses. These are measured as the
present value of the difference between the cash flows due to the Company under the contract and the cash
flows that the Company expects to receive arising from the weighting of multiple future economic scenarios,
discounted at the asset’s effective interest rate.

The Company measures ECL on an individual basis, or on a collective basis for portfolios that share similar
economic risk characteristics. The measurement of the loss allowance is based on the present value of the
asset’s expected cash flows using the asset’s original effective interest rate (EIR) method, regardless of
whether it is measured on an individual basis or a collective basis.

Significant increase in credit risk

The Company monitors all financial assets that are subject to impairment requirements to assess whether there
has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If there has been a significant increase
in credit risk, the Company will measure the loss allowance based on lifetime rather than 12-month ECL.

In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
recognition, the Company compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the reporting
date based on the remaining maturity of the instrument with the risk of a default occurring that was anticipated
for the remaining maturity at the current reporting date when the financial instrument was first recognized. In
making this assessment, the Company considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available
without undue cost or effort.

Forward-looking information considered includes the future prospects of the industries in which the
Company’s debtors operate, obtained from economic expert reports, financial analysts, governmental bodies,
relevant think-tanks and other similar organizations, as well as consideration of various external sources of
actual and forecast economic information that relate to the Company’s core operations.

In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
significantly since initial recognition:

21

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

3.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

3.1 Financial Instruments (continued)

© an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or
internal credit rating;

significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk for a particular financial instrament
(e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor, or the length
of time or the extent to which the fair value of a financial asset has been less than its amortized cost);

¢ existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

© an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

¢ — significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor;

¢ an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
obligations.

Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Company presumes that the credit risk on a financial
asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 180 days
past due, unless the Company has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

Despite the foregoing, the Company assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased

significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
reporting date.

A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if:

¢ The financial instrument has a low risk of default;

© The debtor has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term; and

Adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily,
reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.

The Company considers a financial asset to have low credit risk when the asset has external credit rating of
‘investment grade’ in accordance with the globally understood definition or if an external rating is not
available, the asset has an internal rating of ‘performing’. Performing means that the counterparty has a strong
financial position and there are no past due amounts.

The Company regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of
identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

Default

The Company considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management
purposes as historical experience indicates that financial assets that meet either of the following criteria are
generally not recoverable:

when there is a breach of financial covenants by the debtor; or

© information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely
to pay its creditors, including the Company, in full (without taking into account any collateral held by the
Company).

Critical to the determination of ECL is the definition of default. The definition of default is used in measuring

the amount of ECL and in the determination of whether the loss allowance is based on 12-month or lifetime

ECL, as default is a component of the probability of default (PD) which affects both the measurement of ECLs
and the identification of a significant increase in credit risk.

22

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

3.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

3.1 Financial Instruments (continued)

Write-off

The Company writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, when the debtor has been placed under
liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when the amounts
are over two years past due, whichever occurs sooner.

Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Company’s recovery
procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognized in profit
or loss.

Measurement and recognition of ECL

The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default
(ie. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default, The assessment of the
probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking
information.

As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross carrying amount at
the reporting date.

For financial assets, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to
the Company in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Company expects to receive,
discounted at the original effective interest rate.

If the Company has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime
ECL in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for
lifetime ECL are no longer met, the Company measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month
ECL at the current reporting date, except for assets for which the simplified approach was used.

The Company recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a
corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

Presentation of allowance for ECL in the statement of financial position

Loss allowances for ECL are presented in the statement of financial position as a deduction from the gross
carrying amount of the assets.

Derecognition

The Company derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the asset’s cash flows expire
or when the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset are transferred
to another entity. If the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Company recognizes its retained interest in the
asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Company retains substantially all the
risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Company continues to recognize the
financial asset and also recognizes a collateralized borrowing for the proceeds received.

3.2 Financial Liabilities and Equity Instruments

Classification as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.
Financial liabilities

All financial liabilities are measured subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest method. There
are no financial liabilities measured at FVTPL.

23

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

3.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

3.2 Financial Liabilities and Equity Instruments (continued)

Financial liabilities measured subsequently at amortized cost

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized cost of a financial liability and of
allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts
estimated future cash payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the
effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the
financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortized cost of a financial liability.

Foreign exchange gains and losses

For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortized cost at the
end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortized
cost of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss.

Offsetting financial instruments

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statements of financial position
when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on
a net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

A right to offset must be available today rather than being contingent on a future event and must be exercisable
by any of the counterparties, both in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or
bankruptcy.

Derecognition of financial liabilities

The Company derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Company’s obligations are
discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in profit or loss.

Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Company after
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds
received, net of direct issue costs.

Ordinary shares

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
options are shown in equity as a deduction from the proceeds, net of tax.

Dividends

Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognized as liability in the Company’s financial
statements in the period in which the dividends are declared by the Company’s Board of Directors.
Retained earnings

Retained earnings represent accumulated profit attributable to equity holders of the Company after deducting
dividends declared. Retained earnings may also include effect of changes in accounting policy as may be
required by the standard’s transitional provisions.

24

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
3.3. Revenue Recognition

Interest income

Interest income from a financial asset is recognized when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to
the Company and the amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest income is accrued on a time
proportion basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is
the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to
that asset’s net carrying amount.

Other income

Other income is income generated outside the normal course of business and is recognized when it is probable
that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and it can be measured reliably. Income from dividends
is recognised when the dividend is declared and right to receive the payment has been established.

3.4 Foreign Currencies

Transactions in currencies other than United Kingdom Pound sterling are recorded at the rates of exchange
prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary assets and liabilities
that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the end of the reporting
period.

Gains and losses arising on retranslation are included in profit or loss for the year.
Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not
retranslated,

25

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

3.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

3.5 Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of current tax expense and deferred tax expense.

Current tax

The current tax expense is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from net profit as reported
in the statements of comprehensive income because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable
or deductible in other years and it further excludes items that are never taxable or deductible.

Deferred tax

Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred
tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally
recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be
available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets and
liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of assets and
liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the
asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which
the liability is settled or the asset realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets
reflect the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company expects, at the
reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

Current and deferred tax for the year

Current and deferred tax are recognized as an expense or income in profit or loss, except when they relate to
items that are recognized outside profit or loss (whether in other comprehensive income or directly in equity),
in which case the tax is also recognized outside profit or loss.

3.6 Investments

The Company accounts for its investments in subsidiaries and its investments in associated companies using
the cost method less adjustment for impairment, if applicable. Each year the Company performs an
individual assessment of the underlying value of the Company’s shareholdings in order to identify indicators
of impairment.

3.7 Impairment of non-financial assets

An asset is impaired where there is objective evidence that, as a result of one or more events that occurred
after initial recognition, the estimated recoverable value of the asset has been reduced. The recoverable
amount of an asset is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. Where indicators exist
for a decrease in impairment loss, the prior impairment loss is tested to determine reversal. An impairment
loss is reversed on an individual impaired asset to the extent that the revised recoverable value does not lead
to a revised carrying amount higher than the carrying value had no impairment been recognised

3.8 Events after the Reporting Period

The Company identifies events after the end of the reporting period as those events, both favourable and
unfavourable, that occur between the end of the reporting period and the date when the financial statements
are authorized for issue. The financial statements of the Company are adjusted to reflect those events that
provide evidence of conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period. Non-adjusting events after the
end of the reporting period are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements when material.

26

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
UNCERTAINTY

In the application of the Company’s accounting policies, Management is required to make judgments,
estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are baséd on the historical experience and other
factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period
or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future priods.

a) Critical judgements in applying the company’s accounting policies

The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (which are dealt with
separately below), that the directors have made in the process of applying the company’s accounting policies
and that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.

The directors have considered the company’s accounting policies and have concluded no critical judgements
have been made in the year that would have a material impact on the results as stated.

b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty
Impairment of fixed asset investments (note 13)

Where there are indicators of impairment of investments the company performs impairment tests based on value
in use calculations or net asset valuations. In subsequent periods following an impairment, the entity will
consider if there are indicators to reverse the impairment booked.

During the year an impairment review was performed for the investment in Gillette Industries Limited based
on recoverable value of its remaining net assets following the payment of a dividend and disposal of its
investments. The directors have determined that this is the most appropriate method of valuing the investment
in Gillette Industries Limited.

5. FAIR VALUE INFORMATION

The Company’s non-derivative financial instruments consist mainly of receivables from the global cash pool
carried at amortised cost for which the carrying amount approximates fair value because of the immediate and
short term nature of the receivable.

The group operates a system whereby any excess cash held by an individual company is transferred to a global
cash pool. Similarly, if the company requires additional cash resource it can draw down funds from the cash
pool. It has a right to receive the funds held within the cash pool within one day’s notice. As such these
balances have low credit risk and we are not aware of any circumstances that would impact on the ability of
the cash pool to provide the funds we require to remain in operation for the foreseeable future.

The carrying value of the company’s financial assets and liabilities is a reasonable approximation of fair value.

Therefore, in accordance with IFRS 7.29, the fair value of assets and liabilities have not been disclosed
separately.

27

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

6. FINANCIAL RISKS AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

Risk Management Objectives and Policies

The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks. These risks include market risk (including
equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company’s
overall risk management program seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on the financial performance of
the Company. The policies for managing specific risks are summarized below:

Market risk

Market risk refers to the possibility that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates, interest
rates and equity prices will affect the Company’s profit or the value of its holdings of financial instruments.
The Company focuses on three market risk areas. The objective and-management of these risks are discussed
below.

Foreign exchange risk

Foreign exchange risk is a financial risk posed by an exposure to unanticipated changes in the exchange rate
between two currencies. The Company is not currently exposed to foreign exchange risk.

Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the possibility that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
because of changes in market interest.

The primary source of the Company’s interest rate risk relates to cash in banks, cash equivalents equivalents.
Due to short-term maturities of cash and cash equivalents, any movement in market interest rates will not
significantly affect profit or loss.

Credit risk

Credit risk refers to the possibility that the counterparty will default on its contractual obligations, resulting
in financial loss to the Company. The Company has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy
counterparties and obtaining sufficient collateral, where appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of
financial loss from defaults.

The Company does not have significant credit risk exposure to any single counterparty.

The Company does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated
with its financial assets.

ECL is a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (i.e., the present value of all cash shortfalls) over the
expected life of the financial instruments.

In order to minimize credit risk, the Company has tasked its credit management committee to develop and
maintain the Company’s credit risk grading to categorize exposures according to their degree of risk of default.
The credit rating information is supplied by independent rating agencies where available and, if not available,
the credit management committee uses other publicly available financial information and the Company’s own
trading records to rate its major customers and other debtors. The Company’s exposure and the credit ratings
of its counterparties are continuously monitored, and the aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread
amongst approved counterparties.

28

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

6. FINANCIAL RISKS AND CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

The Company’s current credit risk grading framework comprises the following categories:

Category Description Basis for recognizing ECL
The counterparty has a low risk of default

Performing and/or does not have any past due amounts 12-month ECL
>180 days

Amount is >180 days past due or there has
Doubtful been a significant increase in credit risk
since initial recognition

Lifetime ECL, not credit-
impaired

There is evidence indicating that the asset

In Default A eae Lifetime ECL, credit-impaired
is credit-impaired
There is evidence indicating that the debtor
. is in severe financial difficulty and the . ‘
Write-off Company has no realistic prospect of Amount is written-off
recovery
Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with
its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Company’s objective
to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its
liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or
risking damage to the Company’s reputation. The Company manages liquidity risk by matching the
contractual maturities of financial assets and liabilities, which all have a maturity date of less than 12 months.

Capital Risk Management

The Company manages its capital to ensure that the Company will be able to continue as a going concem
while maximizing the return to shareholders.

The capital structure of the Company consists equity attributable to ordinary shareholders comprising issued
capital and retained earnings. Share capital is as disclosed in note 15.

The capital risk of the Company, including liquidity and funding are being reviewed at least once a year where
they consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with it. The Company maintains or adjusts its overall
capital structure through availments and settlements of related party payables and payment of dividends.

The Company does not have any externally imposed capital requirements

29

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

7. DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS AND AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

One (2023: one) director was a current member of a group defined benefit pension scheme during the year.
Three (2023: two) directors exercised share options during the year.

No directors’ emoluments were paid for qualifying services in the current or prior year and none of their
remuneration was specifically attributable to the company.

The company had no employees during the year (2023: none).

Auditor’s remuneration of £18,000 (2023: £17,000) has been incurred for the audit of the company’s statutory
financial statements. This has been paid by a fellow subsidiary in the current and previous year. There were no
fees for non-audit services in either the current or previous year.

8. OTHER INCOME

2024 2023

£000 £7000

Dividends received from subsidiary undertakings 4,500 158,040
Dividends in specie received 264,501 -

269,001 158,040

On 27 February 2024, the company received a dividend of £3,829,760 from Gillette Industries Limited, and a
dividend of £170,176 from Gillette U.K. Limited.

On 25 June 2024 the company received a dividend of £500,000 from Gillette Industries Limited.

On 21 June 2024 the company received a distribution in specie from Gillette Industries consisting of its entire
investment in Gillette UK Limited. The shares distributed had a book value of £15,904,71 1.

On 21 June 2024 the company received distributions in specie from Procter & Gamble UK Group Holdings
Limited consisting of its entire investments in Procter & Gamble Technical Centres Limited and Procter &
Gamble Product Supply (U.K.) Limited. The shares distributed had a book values of £118,937,711 and
£129,658,693 respectively.

In the prior year, on 6 December 2022 the company received a dividend of £150,000,000 from Procter &

Gamble UK Group Holdings Limited. On the same date, the company received a dividend of £7,700,000 from
Gillette Industries Limited, and a dividend of £340,351.43 from Gillette U.K. Limited.

9. INTEREST INCOME

2024 2023
£000 £000
Interest receivable from group companies 103 275

30

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

10.

11.

AMOUNTS WRITTEN OFF INVESTMENTS

2024 2023
£7000 £7000
Write down in value of investments (Note 13) 59,693 -

INCOME TAX

(a) Analysis of the tax charge for the year

2024 2024 2023 2023
£000 £000 £000 £7000
Corporation tax:
Current year charge at 25% (2023: 20.5%) - - -
Adjustment in respect of prior periods - - -
Tax charge on profit - -
(b) Factors affecting the tax charge for the year:
2024 2023
£7000 £7000
Profit before taxation 209,411 158,315
Tax charge on profit before taxation at the standard UK
corporation tax rate of 25% (2023: 20.5%) 52,353 32,455
Net of non-taxable income and expenses not deductible
for tax purposes (52,327) (32,399)
Group relief received for nil consideration (26) (56)

Total tax charge for the year (see (a)) - -

The standard rate of corporation tax applied to reported profit is 25% (2023: 20.5%).

On June 20th, 2023, Finance (No.2) Act 2023 was substantively enacted in the UK, introducing a global
minimum effective tax rate of 15%, in relation to the OECD’s Global Anti-Base Erosion (‘Pillar Two’) model
rules. The legislation implements a domestic top-up tax and a multinational top-up tax, effective for accounting
periods starting on or after December 31st, 2023. The Group has applied the temporary exception issued by the
IASB in May 2023 from the accounting requirements for deferred taxes in IAS 12. Accordingly, the Group
neither recognises nor discloses information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income
taxes.

The Group is in the process of assessing its exposure to the Pillar Two legislation in the UK. Based on
preliminary testing under the OECD Transitional Safe Harbour Rules, the Groups expects that it could benefit
from such safe harbour rules for the next three years. Upon expiration of the Safe Harbour rules, the Group
does not expect a material amount of additional tax to be due under the Pillar Two rules. The Group will continue
to monitor and analyse the development of the Pillar Two rules and the analysis will be updated accordingly.

31

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

12.

13.

DIVIDENDS PAID

2024 2023
£7000 £7000
Dividends paid - 190,000

In the prior year, on 6 December 2022 the company paid a dividend of £190,000,000 (£4.31 per ordinary share)
to Gillette Latin America Holding B.V.

INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND SUBSIDIARIES

The company has investments in the following subsidiary undertakings and other investments which principally
affected the profits or net assets of the company.

As at 30 June 2024 As at 30 June 2023
Name Carrying Ownership Carrying Value Ownership

£000 % £'000 %
Procter & Gamble UK Group Holdings 320,617 100% 228.932 100%
Limited . ° ” °
Procter & Gamble Product Supply (U.K.) 149,140 100% . 0%
Limited > ° °
Procter & Gamble Technical Centres 118,938 100% . 0%
Limited 2 ° °
Gillette Industries Limited - 100% 59,693 100%
Gillette UK Limited : 0% 3,577 4.25%
Total 588,695 292,202

The following transactions occurred during the year:

On 21 June 2024 the company received a distribution in specie from Gillette Industries consisting of its entire
investment in Gillette UK Limited. The shares distributed had a book value of £15,904,711.

On 21 June 2024 the company received distributions in specie from Procter & Gamble UK Group Holdings
Limited consisting of its entire investments in Procter & Gamble Technical Centres Limited and Procter &
Gamble Product Supply (U.K.) Limited. The shares distributed had a book values of £118,937,711 and
£129,658,693 respectively.

On 27 June 2024 Gillette Latin America Holding B.V. contributed the entire share capital of Procter & Gamble
Manufacturing Ireland Limited to Procter & Gamble Limited in exchange for one ordinary £1 share and share
premium of £91,685,503.

On 27 June 2024 Procter & Gamble Limited contributed the entire share capital of Procter & Gamble
Manufacturing Ireland Limited to Procter & Gamble UK Group Holdings Limited in exchange for one ordinary
£1 share and share premium of £91,685,503.

On 27 June 2024 Procter & Gamble Limited contributed the entire share capital of Gillette UK Limited to

Procter & Gamble Product Supply (U.K.) Limited in exchange for one ordinary £1 share and share premium of
£100,275,999.

32

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

13. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

£7000
Cost
At 1 July 2023 624,025
Additions 356,186
At 30 June 2024 __980,211_
Provisions for impairment
At I July 2023 (331,823)
Impairment of investment (59,693)
30 June 2024 __G91,516)__
Net book value
At 30 June 2024 588,695
At 30 June 2023 292,202

The impairment reviews are performed as described in note 4. During the year an impairment review was
performed for the investment in Gillette Industries Limited following the payment of a dividend in specie to the
company. The investment has been fully written down based on recoverable value of it’s remaining net assets
following the payment of a dividend and disposal of its investments.

Interests in group undertakings — all ordinary shares

Directly owned:

Name of undertaking Country of Principal business % of equity
incorporation or activities ~ and votes
registration held
Procter & Gamble Technical Centres England and Wales — Service Company 100%
Limited

Procter & Gamble Product Supply (U.K.) England and Wales Toll Manufacturer 100%
Limited

Procter & Gamble UK Group Holdings England and Wales Holding 100%
Limited

All of the above investments are unlisted and for each company represents issued ordinary shares of £1 each.

33

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

13. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

Indirectly owned:

Name of undertaking

Gillette U.K. Limited

Gillette Management LLC

Procter & Gamble (Health
& Beauty Care) Limited

Procter & Gamble (L&CP)
Limited

Procter & Gamble Health
Limited

Procter & Gamble
Technical Centres
Limited

Procter & Gamble Product
* Supply (U.K.) Limited

Seven Seas Limited

Lamberts Healthcare
Limited

Nature’s Best Health
Products Limited

Procter & Gamble
(Manufacturing) Ireland
Limited

Country of
incorporation or
registration

England and Wales

Research and
Development

England and Wales

England and Wales

England and Wales

England and Wales

England and Wales

England and Wales

England and Wales

England and Wales

Republic of Ireland

Principal
business
activities

Manufacturer

United States of
America

Partner in Procter
& Gamble UK

Partner in Procter
& Gamble UK

Holding company

Research and
Development

Manufacturing
and Distribution

Non-trading

Sale and
marketing of
vitamins and
healthcare
products
Non-trading

Investment
company

Address of the
registered office

The Heights,
Brooklands,
Weybridge,
Surrey, KT13 OXP
1209 Orange Street,
Wilmington,
Delaware De 19801,
United States of
America

The Heights,
Brooklands,
Weybridge,
Surrey, KT13 OXP
The Heights,
Brooklands,
Weybridge,
Surrey, KT13 OXP
The Heights,
Brooklands,
Weybridge,
Surrey, KT13 OXP
The Heights,
Brooklands,
Weybridge,
Surrey, KT13 OXP
The Heights,
Brooklands,
Weybridge,
Surrey, KT13 OXP
The Heights,
Brooklands,
Weybridge,
Surrey, KT13 OXP
1 Lamberts Road
Tunbridge Wells,
Kent, TN2 3EH

Century Place,
Tunbridge Wells,
Kent, TN3 3BE

The Graan House —
Unit El & E14,
Calmount Park
Ballymount

Dublin 12

% of
equity
and votes and votes
held 2024 held 2023

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

0%

0%

100%

100%

100%

100%

% of
equity

95.75%

34

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

13. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
Indirectly owned (Continued):

Name of undertaking Country of Principal Address of the % of % of
incorporation or business registered office equity equity
registration activities and votes and votes

held 2024 held 2023

Procter & Gamble Sverige Sweden Sales and Telegrafgatan 4, 100% 0%

AB distribution 169 72 Solna,
Sweden
Procter & Gamble Norge Norway Sales and Nydalsveien 28, 100% 0%
AS distribution 0484, Oslo,
Norway
Procter & Gamble Finland Finland Sales and Lars Sonckin Kaari 100% 0%
oY distribution 10 02600, Espoo.
Finland
Procter & Gamble Denmark Sales and Titangade 11, 2200, 100% 0%
Danmark APS distribution Kobenhavn N,
Denmark

14. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

2024 2023
£000 £000
Related party receivables 5,018 414

Amounts owed by group undertakings include receivables from the global cash pool, a fellow subsidiary
undertaking, of £5,018,000 (2023: £414,000). They are unsecured, bear interest based on the daily SONIA rate,
have no fixed date of repayment and are repayable on demand.

No provisions have been made for doubtful debts in respect of the amounts owed by related parties.

15. | CALLED-UP SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES

~ 2024 2023
£ £
Authorised share capital:
Ordinary shares (voting) of £1 150,000,000 150,000,000
Ordinary shares (non-voting) of £1 3,000,000 3,000;000
$ $
Preference shares of $1 100,000,000 100,000,000
Called-up, allotted and fully paid: £ £
42,361,075 ordinary shares of £1 each (voting)
(2023: 42,361,074) 42,361,075 42,361,074
1,743,388 ordinary shares of £1 each (non-voting)
(2023: 1,743,388) 1,743,388 1,743,388

44,104,463 44,104,462

35

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

15.

16.

CALLED-UP SHARE CAPITAL AND RESERVES (CONTINUED)

Called-up share capital

The company has two classes of issued share capital; one class with voting rights and one class with non-voting
rights. In every other aspect the two classes of share capital rank pari passu.

Neither class of ordinary shares carries a right to fixed income.

Share Premium

On 30 June 2021 the company issued one voting ordinary share of £1 at a premium of £31,699,999 in exchange
for cash.

On 27 June 2024 Gillette Latin America Holding B.V. contributed the entire share capital of Procter & Gamble
Manufacturing Ireland Limited to Procter & Gamble Limited in exchange for one ordinary £1 share and share
premium of £91,685,503.

The company’s other reserves are as follows:

Capital contribution reserve

The capital contribution reserve represents contributions made to the equity capital of the company but not in
exchange for shares issued. At 30 June 2024 the capital contribution reserve was £2 1,631,000 (2023: £21,631,000).

Capital redemption reserve

This reserve records the nominal value of shares repurchased by the company. At 30 June 2024 the capital
redemption reserve was £28,497,000 (2023: £28,497,000). .

Profit and loss account

The profit and loss reserve represents cumulative profits or losses, and other adjustments.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The summary of the Company’s transactions and outstanding balances with related parties as at and for the year
ended 30 June 2024 is as follows:

Interest income

RELATED PARTY 2024 2023

£°000 £°000
Associates/Other Related Party 103 275
Total 103 275

Dividends received and paid are disclosed in notes 8 and 12.

36

PROCTER & GAMBLE LIMITED

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
For the year ended 30 June 2024

16. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

The following amounts were outstanding at the reporting date:

Amounts owed by Amounts owed to
Related Parties Related Parties

RELATED PARTY 2024 2023 2024 2023
£000 £°000 £°000 £'000

Ultimate Holding Company - - - -
Fellow group subsidiaries 5,018 414 - -
Total 5,018 414 - -

Amounts owed by group undertakings include receivables from the global cash pool, a fellow subsidiary
undertaking, of £5,018,000 (2023: £414,000). They are unsecured, bear interest based on the daily SONIA rate,
have no fixed date of repayment and are repayable on demand.

Transactions with key management personnel

The directors are considered to be key management personnel for the company. Their remuneration is described
in note 7. There were no other transactions with key management personnel in the year.

17. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

The company is a member of the Procter & Gamble global cash pool whereby any excess cash held by an
individual company is transferred to a global cash pool. Similarly if the company requires additional cash
resources it can draw down funds from the cash pool. It has an unencumbered right to receive the funds held
within the cash pool within one day’s notice. The balance with the cash pool is disclosed as a related party
receivable. Amounts owed by other related parties include £5,018,000 (2023: £414,000) in respect of balances
held with the global cash pool.

18. EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE

There are no events after the balance sheet date.

37
