Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt

POWERBRANDS —
WITH IMPACT

“Annual Report and Accounts 2024
; No 6270876

3SNOH SaINVaWOD
sz0z/sorr
szyouczave

sole

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

CONTENTS
10

Value Creation Model

About this report
This report has been produced to
optimise the reading experience
online. Use these interactive symbols
throughout the online report:
Links to another page in the eport
Links to further reading online

Return to contents page

Move to previous or next page

Reporting Hub
For further detail, visit
‘ur reporting hub:
www.reckitt.com/
reportinghub

STR
1
2
‘

8
0
6
”
8
w
2
24
26
28+
30
32
34
35
36
37

Financial Performance

]ATEGIC REPORT
Ata Glance

Our Powerbrands
Chair's Statement

Chief Executive Officer's
Statement

People and Culture
Value Creation Model
Strategic Priorities. »
Simpler Organisation
Our Core Business
Market Execution
Self Care

Germ Protection
Household Care
Intimate Wellness
Essenti

Mead Johnson Nutrition
Fuel for Growth

Capital Allocation

Total Shareholder Returns
Key Performance indicators

Home

38

39
45

82
57

Sustainability Performance Review

Sustainability Performance
Dashboard

Financial Performance

Sustainability Performance
Review, including Non-Financial
and Sustainability,

Information Statement

Risk Management

Our Viability Statement

GOVERNANCE

58
60
63
6s

67
68
oo
n
7
4

78

Corporate Governance Report
Board Leadership
Senior Leadership

Reckitt’s Approach to
Governance

How We Are Governed

Board Roles and Responsibilities
Governance Framework
Purpose and Culture

Board Activities

Maintaining the Trust of
Stakeholders

Section 172 Statement

9

a1
86,
94
9%
134
138

Board Performance Review
and Effectiveness

Nomination Committee Report
‘Audit Committee Report
Compliance Committee Report
Directors’ Remuneration Report
Report of the Directors
Statement of Directors’
Responsibilities

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

139
155
98

205,

Independent Auditor's Report
Group Financial Statements

Parent Company Financial
Statements

Subsidiary Undertakings

OTHER INFORMATION

28

223

228

Climate-Related Financial
Disclosures

Altemative Performance
Measures

Shareholder Information

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
Menge repon | woverance rangi statements Ue mermavon Recit Anus! Repor and Accounts 20241

Ata Glance

= net revenue growth’ revenue growth ‘sustainable products’
14% 3.0% 34.9%

Greenhouse Gas (GHG)

2023: 23.1% 2023: 1.3% 2023: 67%
Reckitt is home to some of the world's best-loved consumer brands

in their categories, which people trust to care for the ones they love.

Our products are chosen by consumers millions of times each day

to support their health and wellbeing. Everything we do, every Adjusted totalEPS diluted’ IFRS total EPS diluted* Social impact investments
decision we make, has that moment of choice at its heart.

‘As company our purpose sto protect, heal and nurture in the pursuit ofa clean mn
healthier world. That's because we believe good health starts at home, in our ° .

communities and workplaces. We believe hygiene is the foundation of health and we 2023: 323.49 2023: 22879 2023: £31ma

deliver for consumers, whether they are preventing the spread of germs, treating a cold
(or protecting against sexually transmitted infections.

We combine deep consumer insights with world-class science to create superior People positively impacted
products that address the everyday issues we all face when it comes to our families Cash returned through our so
health and hygiene. Whatever need we are meeting, we help to make lives easier, Full-year dividend to shareholders impact programmes?
cleaner and healthier, both now and in the future. b

2023:192.5p 2023: £1.5bn 2023:19mn

1 Adjusted and other non-GAAP measures, defnitions and terms ae defined on page 223

2 Since 2015,

3 Cumulative since 2020

4 IFRS operating margin and PS are moacted mally by an intangible assetimpsiement charge
lng esting costs, se page 226 for ve deta

Reckitt Aral Report and Accounts 2024 2

Our Powerbrands

POWERBRANDS
WITH IMPACT

OUR PORTFOLIO OF POWERBRANDS

SELF CARE

Strepsils, Mucinex, Gaviscon and Nurofen
are our over-the-counter (OTC)
Powerbrands, trusted by consumers
‘and healthcare professionals to treat

a range of symptoms.

GERM PROTECTION

These Powerbrands, Lysol, Dettol and
Harpic, protect against the spread of
germs, enabling good hygiene, which
we see as the foundation of health.

Read more on page 22, Read more on page 24

Reckitt is focused on a portfolio of
market-leading Powerbrands that
support health and wellbeing. These
brands have a high level of consumer
trust, premium positioning and
competitive advantage.

That enduring competitive advantage is built
through the powerful combination of Reckitt's
unique consumer insight, science and
entrepreneurial spirit. It helps drive attractive
earnings models for our Tl Powerbrands, with
high gross margins that in turn fuel ongoing
reinvestment and innovation, such as the 2024
introduction of Mucinex Mighty Chews, the first
over-the-counter medicated children’s soft
chewable tablet for cough relief (see page 11
for more information on how we build

‘our Powerbrands).

HOUSEHOLD CARE

Two Powerbrands, Finish and Vanish,
are global leaders in their respective
categories. Their growth is fuelled
by opportunities for premiumisation
and penetration.

Read more on page 26

With a pipeline of superior products that
address people's everyday needs, we create,
build and broaden our iconic brands, taking
advantage of significant, long-term runways for
‘growth, driven by population dynamics,
economic opportunities and consumer trends,
This also drives expansion in our four core
categories: Self Care, Germ Protection,
Household Care and Intimate Wellness.

In addition to our Powerbrands, which make up
more than 80% of our core business, we have
likely future Powerbrands including Move Free
and Biofreeze, as well as local heroes including
Lemsip, Jik and Veja. Together, this portfolio
serves both the universal and unique health
‘and hygiene needs of people around the world,
while delivering sustainable growth and,
long-term value creation

INTIMATE WELLNESS

Durex and Veet are global leaders in their
respective categories, condoms and
depilatories, driven by innovation and
premiumisation as we serve growing
Consumer interest and engagement.

Read more on page 28

Our Powerbrands continued

| HOUSEHOLD
SELF CARE ORE

OUR CATEGORIES
ANDPOWERBRANDS =:

GERM INTIMATE
PROTECTION WELLNESS

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84 ‘
\yratege reser overance rnncisstasments mer normaton Reckitt AnnualReport and Accounts 2024

SECURING OUR
FUTURE SUCCESS

Chair's Statement

2024 was an important year, in which we laid out a
new direction for our business. We have revamped
. our strategy to streamline our portfolio, simplify
We are confident of our organisation and refresh our leadership team

Reckitt's strengths and and Board.

i We belive this wil improve our performance and ensure
Potential to deliver growth — peivitis leader fittor tne future We have much work to do

and value creation. but we are clear on the plan we have in place, confident of
Reckit’s strengths and potential to deliver stiong growth and
value creation

‘A world-class company in resilient categories
: Reckitt is a company with an important near-200-year history, a

<lobal footprint and an enviable portfolio of well-loved and trusted
brands that improve people's lives. Our Powerbrands are market
leaders and play in resilient categories with long-term runways for
{growth due to favourable demographic and consumer trends. Al
Of this makes for a strong and attractive foundation.
Alongside this, the Company has an entrepreneurial and
inclusive culture, a talented and motivated workforce and a
Clear set of priorities that will serve Reckitt well a it evolves as

Sir Jeremy Darroch ‘a world-class consumer health and hygiene company.

Chair

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘wwatepe reper’ Lovernance raneal statements,

Reckitt Arnal Repor and Accounts 2028S

Chair's Statement continued

Our objective, therefore, is to create one of the strongest
growth and margin profiles of our peer group, overseen by new
leadership with a structure that will bring greater focus, faster
‘decision-making and improved execution. Becoming a simpler,
more agile organisation will better enable us to navigate 2 more
‘complex world, to both seize the opportunities and deal with
the challenges arising from the likes of climate change,
technology and macroeconomics.

Shareholder focus

Underpinning this is a drive to better deliver for our
shareholders. We recognise that in 2024 our share price has
underperformed, but | want you to know that we are doing all
we can to demonstrate the enduring value of our business to
the market and to turn this performance around.

In July 2024, our Chief Executive Officer Kris Licht presented
the details of our new strategy and organisational change.

(Our teams spent the second half of 2024 laying the important
foundations for the future, with the new structure taking effect,
from 1 January 2025, We are working to exit a group of strong
homecare brands, now called Essential Home, which we are on
track to do by the end of 2025.

Mead Johnson Nutrition is now considered non-core and we
will consider all options to maximise its value for shareholders,
taking the time required to achieve the right solution.

‘Shareholder returns are a foremost priority, and the Board is,
confident that our new strategy and structure will generate value
for shareholders going forward. This confidence is reflected in
the second £1 billion share buyback programme that we initiated
in July 2024, folowing completion of a previous £1 billion
‘programme launched in 2023. The first two tranches of the
Current programme, worth £500 milion, are complete, with the
third tranche, worth another £500 million, expected to complete
bby 30 June 2025. We expect the programme to continue in the
‘coming years, consistent with our capital allocation principles.

2024 performance showing progress
The financial performance we have delivered shows progress
and sets @ strong base for future growth. Like-for-ike net
revenue rose 14%, inne with our guidance and adjusted
operating profit rose at 3%

Delivery of these results came at a time of uncertainty for
‘many of our teams at Reckitt, but right across our business
‘our colleagues have been working extremely hard and doing
‘an excellent job of staying focused on performance.

Engaging with external stakeholders

‘One of the key responsibilities of the Board is to both
constructively challenge and support the CEO and Executive
‘Committee, overseeing execution of the Company strategy. We do
this by providing critical internal and extemal perspectives, honed
‘by our engagement with individuals and groups from across our
stakeholder universe, from investors and consumers to non-
governmental organisations and other members of civil society

In 2024, Board members met with senior government
representatives from the United Kingdom and attended valuable
{gatherings as part of the Global Leadership Foundation as well as
New York Climate Week, where we engaged with policy makers
‘and leaders from the worlds of academia, politics, technology
‘and business about advancing solutions for health and hygiene
‘across markets,

1 RS operating profi declined «and was impactes many by an intangible aseet
Impatment charge and estructuing costs, See page 226 for more cetals

Our objective is to create one of
the strongest growth and margin
profiles of our peer group.

‘As a Board, we value external perspectives, and in 2024 we
Created an action plan to build on the results of a large survey
we conducted across a broad spectrum of respondents in our
top markets, from business stakeholders to general consumers.
‘The results showed that while there is more to be done to
increase familiarity with Reckitt, people who were familiar with,
us had a high degree of trust in the Company. | know that our
‘employees, executives and the Board are proud of that trust,
{and keep it front of mind in our decision-making,

Board changes
During 2024 we made good progress in strengthening the
Board. Im happy to note several recent Board changes. In 2024,
we were joined by Marybeth Hays and Fiona Dawson, and of
course I took over as Chair from Chris Sinclair. want to thank
Chris for his nine years of service to this great Board. We
benefited greatly from his judgement and experience.

Following on from that, the Board was bolstered further with the
appointments of Mahesh Madhavan and Stefan Oschmann, who
both have many years of experience as CEOs of global
‘businesses. | know their insight and experience, as well as that
from other Board members, will serve our Group well, as we
oversee this exciting chapter in Reckitt’ history.

‘As we look to the future, | want to thank all our colleagues. | am
always struck by the quality, enthusiasm, talents and.
‘commitment of the people in this business. They work tirelessly
‘often unseen, each and every day, in service of our consumers,
‘our customers and all of us as stakeholders.

| also want to thank you, our shareholders, for your long-term
perspective. Seeing this commitment from all of our
‘stakeholders, even during such change, gives me much
confidence in what we can achieve together in the future.

Sir Jeremy Darroch
Chair


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

\yeatepe reper wovemance rene stewements Urnernrrmaton

Reckit Anus! Report and Accounts 20246

Chief Executive Officer's Statement

kris Licht
Chief Executive Officer

AYEAR OF
STRATEGIC CLARITY
AND DELIVERY

2024 was a foundational year for Reckitt. It
was a year of strategic clarity as we announced
a sharpened focus on Powerbrands and a

It was a year of delivery simpler, more effective operating model.

against our strategic plan, It was also a year in which we delivered against our strategic plan
" despite a volatile environment and challenges to our business.

of top and bottom-line Against that backdrop, we have driven top and bottom-line

growth and substantial cash wth and substamaly increased cash etuns to shareholders

returns to shareholders. Powerbrands with impact

Reckitt owns great brands, which rank amongst the world's
best loved in their categories. They offer superior, efficacious
solutions that serve the health and hygiene needs of consumers '
globally. We have invested diligently over the past four years,

to ensure these brands receive the world class support from

our RED and Supply organisations they deserve

LFLnet revenue growth Adjusted earnings per share growth’ Cash returns to shareholders’

14h +19% = -+1%

1 Acjusted and other non-GAAP meatus, definitions and terms ate detned on page 223

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-€642367C9C84

‘Yratege reper Wovemance.  rnsnear statements Uener formation

Reckitt Anal Repor and Accounts 20247

Chief Executive Officer's Statement continued

We bring our brands to life through premium products that
extend and deepen their equities through science-based
lnnovation. This supported the welcome return of volume growth
‘across our brand portfolio as the year progressed and a growth
algorithm better balanced between volume, price and mix.

Strong contributions from our innovation platforms in Hygiene
‘enabled Lysol to drive volume-led growth through our Air and
Laundry Sanitiser products, and Finish through our premium
thermoformed dishwasher tablets, despite the return to a
more competitive environment in developed markets,

In Health, the success of our new hyaluronic acid condoms
helped secure another strong year for Durex in China. Alongside
strong performances from Gaviscon and our Vitarnins, Minerals
‘and Supplements business, this helped offset softer demand for
‘our seasonal OTC products following a cold and flu season that
both ended weak in 2023 and started late in 2024

Commitment to deliver shareholder returns

Despite this seasonality and the supply impact of the tornado
that hit our Nutrition storage facility in July, we were successful
in delivering LFL net revenue growth and adjusted operating
profit growth in 2024, as well as 2 75% increase in cash returns
to shareholders.

Changes in the regulatory environment for infant formula and a
more challenging marketplace for topical pain relief resulted in 2
£838 million goodwill mpairment to these assets (see page 173)
Nonetheless, at the Group level we achieved our ambition of
{growing adjusted operating profit ahead of net revenue. This
enabled us to increase investment in our brands and grow
earnings by 7.9% resuming an important cadence in adjusted
EPS growth that has been lacking in recent years. It also
supported a record £2.7 billion in cash returned to shareholders
through our dividend and continued share buyback programme,

Investing for growth

Returning cash has not been at the expense of investing for our
long-term growth. In December, | was delighted to raise the
Reckitt flag at our newest manufacturing facility in Wilson, North
Carolina, which as the cornerstone manufacturing site for our US
OTC business will enhance our agility in meeting seasonal
demand in our largest market.

In January 2025, | was proud to be at the commissioning of our
new R&D centre in Shanghai. This will provide us with a
dedicated innovation platform for China to complement our
state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Taicang, which has
already helped to deliver the double-digit growth we enjoyed in
China in 2024.

These investments in our growth exemplify our commitment to
enhancing the resilience of our supply footprint while deepening
‘our RED capabilities. They will help ensure we continue to
innovate the very best products and strengthen execution in
‘market with local capabilities that promote their future growth.

Harnessing our people and culture
In July, | was pleased to bring strategic clarity to our future by
introducing a new Reckitt focused on 11 core Powerbrands. The
change | set out draws on our value creation principles, which
ensure that every brand we possess works hard for its place in
our portfolio.

These Powerbrands are at the heart of our growth model.
‘Supporting them now is a new organisational structure that
will enable us to execute in our markets at a level of excellence
we expect from the world class consumer health and hygiene
company we are becoming,

We have moved at pace to reshape Reckitt and bring about
this change, We entered 2025 as an area-led business
positioned to maximise the value of our new Self Care, Germ

Uniting us now is a clear direction:

a shared compass through which to
navigate opportunity and harness the
entrepreneurial energy of our people.

Protection, Household Care and Intimate Wellness categories
actoss three global Areas. Of these, Emerging Markets is now
our largest and fastest growing, delivering 5.5% growth in 2024
led by China's double-digit performance.

This change has enabled us to eliminate duplication and
accelerate decision making through the organisational delayering
we have achieved. It also supports an ambitious target to reduce
ur fixed costs over the next three years under our Fuel for
Growth programme while releasing these to increase brand
Jnvestment and drive earnings growth in the meantime.

In announcing these changes, | was pleased to appoint some of
our longest-serving and most accomplished global leaders to our
‘new businesses, who now join our leadership team on our Group
Executive Committee. With these appointments, | am confident

‘we are bringing the skils and experiences of our very best to each,

Ayyear of opportunity
[Across emerging markets and developed economies, 2025
offers an abundance of opportunity for Reckitt. We possess

‘a cohesive, world-class portfolio of Powerbrands and a proven
playbook for how to grow and expand them. We enjoy scale
‘cr0sS our value chain and our balanced global footprint. And
we are undertaking a step-change in organisational
effectiveness that will materially improve our ability to execute
with excellence in market.

Uniting us now is a clear direction: a shared compass through
which to navigate opportunity and harness the entrepreneurial
energy of our people to deliver a brighter future and a cleaner,
healthier world.

Kris Licht

Chief Executive Officer

‘atege pot voverance,

Docusign Envelope 1D: FS4EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

Reckitt AnnualReport and Accounts 20248

People and Culture

UNLEASHING THE POTENTIAL OF OUR PEOPLE,
PERFORMANCE AND PURPOSE

In 2024, Reckitt announced the
strategic reshaping of our business to
sharpen our portfolio and simplify our
organisation for accelerated growth.
To achieve this, we are reorganising
into three businesses: core Reckitt,
Essential Home and Mead Johnson
Nutrition, reducing organisational
layers to foster greater accountability
and speed of decision making.

Within core Reckitt we have also adopted
‘a geography-category organisation and
leveraged our global functions to further
enable our commercial organisation. This work
has led to new appointments to Reckit’s
Group Executive Committee (see page 64) as
well as changes to our Category, Area and
Centre of Excellence teams. The vast majority
of these appointments have been internal
promotions of leaders who have rich
commercial, cross-market experience at
Reckitt. Tis isa testimony of past leadership
development initiatives.

‘As we position our portfolio for the future, itis
‘our people who unite us. Our spirit, drive and
determination are evident in every one of our
markets, categories and functions. Our
ambition is to be a world-class consumer
health and hygiene company and our
Leadership Behaviours: Own, Create, Deliver
‘and Care are critical enablers to our success.
‘We Do the Right Thing, Always.

PURPOSE, COMPASS AND
LEADERSHIP BEHAVIOURS

(Our Purpose

We exist to

PROTECT,
HEAL AND NURTURE

In the pursuit of a cleaner
‘and healthier world

Our Compass and

Leadership Behaviours

Building on the foundation created to date,
we have put in place plans to continue
strengthening our culture. Our culture places
people and purpose at the heart of our
business. It recognises that how we work is
a important as what we do. Its inclusive
and values everyone's unique perspective,
where everyone has potential to grow and
we all hold accountability for making Reckitt
a great place to work.

Nurturing talent
We believe everyone has the potential to grow
and develop, including those within specialised
roles, those making lateral moves, and those
with potential for bigger impact.

We have a special culture,
delivered through our
people and brands. We

do the right thing, always,
and are passionate about
delivering performance
that is purpose driven,
entrepreneurial, fast paced
and action oriented.

Ranjay Radhakrishnan
Chief Human Resources Officer

In November 2023, we brought together all
of our learning programmes for professional
{growth onto a single platform that offers
personalised learning and development
options. The uptake of MyDevelopment
Learning has shown strong momentum
over the past year, with over 17,000
individual learners,

Supported by changes to the way we define
and nurture talent, we will continue to provide
tailored development and learning journeys
for every colleague to grow, feeding our talent
pipeline and building Reckitt's next generation
of leaders.

Recognising and rewarding performance
Reckit strives for sustained high performance
ina globally competitive world. We have
updated several elements of how we set,

‘and measure performance, supported by

ur established cycle of objective setting,
performance reviews and assessment, and
development conversations. These changes
ensure that we not only further strengthen our
performance culture, but also ensure that our
colleagues remain purpose led and values
driven, Our performance, talent and reward
philosophy is aligned to ‘who we are’ and,
recognises both ‘what’ we do and ‘how’

we doit

Central to our remuneration philosophy are the
principles of pay for performance alongside
shareholder and strategic alignment.
Combined with our Compass and business
‘model, these principles inform how decisions
‘are made, how leaders lead and how we
reward them,

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Yeatege reper seawernance

Reckit Annual Report and Accounts 20249

People and Culture continued

INCLUSIVE LEADERSHIP

We continue to strive to embed inclusion
into our DNA and believe that building

an inclusive culture is everyone's
responsibilty. Enhancing our global
Conscious inclusion programme, in 2024
‘we launched our Inclusive Leadership
programme, encouraging our most senior
leaders to review their role and
Contribution to inclusion within their
teams, and supporting them to complete
a self assessment and action plan

We plan to enhance this programme
in 2025 as we continue our ongoing
partnership with our Wellbeing partner,
Hintsa, and introduce new methods

to promote, review and action
colleague feedback

For the majority of colleagues, their
performance will feed into our Annual
Performance Pian (APP) alongside our
collective performance against key
performance metrics, tailored to
individual markets.

Reckitt's most senior managers participate
in our Long-Term Incentive Pian (TIP.
Participation has been expanded for 2025,
‘extending a longer-term element of reward
to balance in-year performance, enhancing
‘our culture of ownership and supporting us
in recruiting, retaining and developing the
best global talent.

Read mote in our Directors’ Remuneration Report
on page %

‘As a global organisation that reaches a diverse
‘group of customers, consumers, suppliers and
partners, conscious inclusion is at the heart of
everything we do. We recognise that our
people are a source of competitive advantage.
The fact that every one of us is unique, with
‘our own identity, background and experience
Gives us diversity of thought and enables
Creative solutions. Our ambition is for everyone
to be welcomed, respected and heard. We
want everyone to be able to fully contribute

to our business and to thrive as we represent
and reflect the countries and communities that
we serve. We are proud to be recognised as
Global Living Wage employer (see page 49)

Our Global Inclusion Board, chaired by Reckitt’s
CEO, provides strategic leadership and
‘governance for our inclusion agenda and how
itis deployed for our people, within our brand
identities and across our supply chain, The
Board works with market-based Local Inclusion
Boards and Global Employee Resource Groups
(ERGs), to ensure our global direction is.
meaningful across all of our markets.

Our four Global ERGs lead the activation
‘of our inclusion strategy, representing four
gr0ups of colleagues and aes: Women,
Race & Ethnicity, LGBTQ+ and Disability
Each contributes to moments of celebration
throughout the year, amplifying the voices
Of theic members and building allyship
throughout our employee population.

Creating employee dialogue
\We paused our annual employee survey

for 2024 in order to reassess our employee
feedback strategy. Committing to greater
transparency oa the points that matter most
0 our people, in 2025 we are introducing
‘new methods of istening to our colleagues
throughout the year.

Anchored by an annual global survey,
supported by shorter ‘Pulse’ surveys
throughout the year and targeted requests
for feedback at key moments, our new
‘methodology will bring together feedback
and sentiment from across multiple colleague
ccheck points to inform decisions and drive
action planning,

Commitment during change
Change is a continuous reality within our
business as we adapt and grow. Throughout
these changes we remain committed to our
people, sharing our ambitions forthe future
{and ensuring our culture reflects their
enthusiasm, drive and professionalism.


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

‘eatege repo Governance:

Reckitt AnnualReport and Accounts 2024 10

Value Creation Model

MANAGING OUR PORTFOLIO FOR VALUE CREATION

Our bus

1ess Model is rooted in three fundamental principles that

drive the value we create through our brands and the categories

in which we play.

These principles define our brand portfolio by setting the
expectations against which each must deliver, and guide our
strategic choices as we manage our portfolio for value creation.

HOW WE CREATE VALUE

Reckit’s business model harnesses our value
Creation principles to a proven playbook
‘on how we grow and expand Powerbrands.
(Our sharpened portfolio and simpler
organisation enable us to create value
‘uided by strategic priorities that support
sustainable, long-term growth,
Portfolio Value Creation
Read more page 10
Reckitt Playbook
Read more page 11
Strategic Priorities
Read more page 16
Simpler Organisation
Read more page 17
Stakeholder Value Creation
Read more page 21

Our three portfolio principles
Our first principle requires each brand

to demonstrate a clear, long-term runway
for growth.

This can be driven in several ways. First,
through premiumisation by leveraging

ur innovation platforms to develop superior
products that anticipate consumer needs

as they evolve. Second, through category
creation by innovating to establish entirely
new categories or expanding existing brands
into adjacent ones. Third, through household
penetration by increasing our reach and
driving adoption of our products in new
households and across markets with low
penetration rates.

The second principle requires each brand to
possess an attractive earnings model. The
primary metric we look at is the strength of its
{gross margin, which must be high and towards
the upper end of its category. This approach
supports continued reinvestment and
innovation, which in turn fuel additional
{growth through premiumisation and category
Creation. It also ensures each brand can
deliver profit contributions consistent with the
Group's gross margin, which is amongst the
highest in the industry.

Long-term
runway for
growth

Attractive
‘earnings
‘model

competitive
advantage

Our three principles for portfolio value creation
ensure every brand earns its place in our portfolio

Thicd, each brand must demonstrate an
enduring competitive advantage. This is rooted
in strong brand equity, built through decades
of consumer loyalty and trust and extended
through a superior, innovative product range
that sets the brand apart in the marketplace.

These three principles provide the strategic
lens through which we evaluate every brand in
our portfolio. They inform our capital allocation
choices and ensure we play in categories that
offer the best long-term opportunities for
{growth and sustainable value creation

July 2024 strategic update

These principles drove the strategic choices
we announced in July 2024 to sharpen our
portfolio focus on 11 Powerbrands in four
consumer health and hygiene categories (see
page 18 for details). Qrawn from those with the
strongest equity, these brands capture

the essence of Reckitt’s growth potential

Together, they comprise a portfolio with the
potential to deliver one of the most attractive
growth and profitability profiles in the industry

Alongside this core portfolio are two
businesses, Essential Home and Mead Johnson
Nutrition, which although strong and growing,
do not fully align with these three principles.
We have therefore embarked on a process to
find market opportunities for each.

From 1 January 2025, these two non-core
businesses operate and are managed
independently alongside core Reckitt, replacing
‘our Global Business Units as our operating
‘segments in the Group's financial reporting

We plan to exit Essential Home by the end
‘of 2025 while exploring all options for Mead
Johnson Nutrition, where we will tke the
time necessary to determine the path that
maximises shareholder value for this,
market-leading business.

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

ratege reper overnance nAcat statements Uinernermaton

echt Anal Report and Accounts2028 TL

Value Creation Model continued .

WE CREATE AND GROW POWERBRANDS

(ur Playbook brings together the capabilities
that enable us to deliver sustainable, long-
term growth across our brand portfolio. It has
been honed over many decades of learning

of superior products that anticipate consumer
‘needs through premiumisation and the
development of new categories. It extends
to engaging with consumers in local markets

Reckitt’s Playbook captures the way
we create, build and expand our
iconic brands.

CONSUMER OBSESSED

The Reckitt Playbook

CONSUMER
OBSESSED

+ Deep consumer insights + Creating and growing
categories

+ Evolving category needs

+ Understanding demand
spaces

Premiumisation

Global Powerbrands
Local heroes

‘and enables us to create, build and expand
‘our brands through the ‘Science Inside’ our
innovation platforms. This drives the creation

ICONIC
BRANDS

Category creation

SUPERIOR
INNOVATION

+ The ‘Science Inside’ Reckitt

+ Breakthrough propositions
that delight consumers

+ Innovation-led growth

and executing with excellence, which we
continuously strive to enhance.

EXECUTION
EXCELLENCE

+ Optimised supaly
organisation

+ Global success model

+ Excellence on shelf and on

Household penetration

People are at the heart of everything
we do. To truly understand their
needs, we begin by developing deep
insight into their lives. We immerse
ourselves in their worlds, bringing
everyday problems to life in our
sensory and consumer science labs
around the world to fully understand
and test the local challenges they
face. This ensures we solve people's
problems by applying science in a
way that adds value to their lives.

Using proprietary advanced analytics and
machine learning, we uncover valuable insights
that reveal hidden patterns in consumer
behaviour and sentiment, which are often
overlooked in traditional research methods.
This enables us to assess why people choose
specific products and to map their behaviour
in demand spaces where they engage.

By combining deep behavioural understanding
with our data-driven analysis, we can identify
unmet needs, high-potential categories and
methods to unlock demand in those spaces.
This is how we keep consumers at the heart
of our strategy and drive demand-centric
{growth through superior solutions across

Our portfolio of market-leading brands.


‘Wuatege reper’ wowernance

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84_,

Reckitt Arnal Repor and Accounts 2026 12

Value Creation Model continued

VANISH: SUSTAINABLE PRODUCT INNOVATION

When developing the new Vanish Oxi Action,
‘our goal was to help consumers reduce their
energy bills and carbon footprint while
‘maintaining exceptional performance. Our
research revealed that while consumers
appreciated the convenience of shorter
washes and the potential for energy savings,
they were hesitant to switch to colder
washes, which are the key element in
reducing CO; emissions in the wash cycle.
This reluctance stemmed fram concerns
about poor stain removal and lingering odours
at lower temperatures.

To address this, we unlocked an exclusive
new cold wash catalyst through our
innovation capabilities. This catalyst allows
the bleaching system to react faster,
enabling effective stain removal even in
colder washes, tackling tough stains and
‘odours. We enriched our existing formula
with this catalyst and used machine learning
to rebalance the ingredients, optimising the
formula to speed up stain removal injust 30
minutes,

To test the new formula’s effectiveness, we

pidneered a first-of-its-kind, two-phase Life
Cycle Assessment. In the first phase, we

evaluated the efficacy and environmental
impact of our laundry booster in the wash
cycle. In the second phase, we extended our
‘evaluation to the impact on garment lifespan.
Our results were striking: using our laundry
booster on a 20°C shorter wash cycle can
reduce CO; emissions by up to 30%
compared to using detergent alone on a 40°C.
longer wash cycie, while still providing
excellent stain removal. Additionally, our
testing showed that washing with our laundry
booster on a colder, milder cycle can double
the lifetime of a garment, with better colour
‘maintenance, thanks to lower mechanical and
thermal stress. This has significant positive
implications for reducing the environmental
footprint considered in our Life Cycle
Assessment.

‘Our new formula was successfully launched in
the UK, our largest market for Vanish, in 2023
‘and has reached at least 350,000 new
households since launch.
Link to strategy

Portfolio value creation

Product superiority

ICONIC BRANDS

Reckitt has been growing brands

for almost two centuries. Today,

the superior, efficacious products
they represent provide health and
hygiene solutions to people in
almost every country.

Most of our Powerbrands are global leaders
in their category. We leverage our global
footprint to drive brand expansion through
the breadth of our go-to-market networks
and the scale of our manufacturing cepabilties
ur brands are the foundation of our valve
proposition and the medium through which we
engage with consumers. Whether i's Detto,
launched in 1933 and synonymous with antiseptic
liquid for consumers across the world, or Finish,

2 pioneer in auto cishwash since 1953, the brand
equity we build represents @ unique and powerful
source of our competitive advantage.

Each of the Powerbrands in our core portfolio
has earned its place by meeting our three

principles of value creation, Collectively, they
‘match the high expectations we set around
long-term growth, earnings power and
competitive advantage.

‘Alongside our Powerbrands are a number of
local hero brands which enjoy strong levels of
‘consumer loyalty in their local markets. They
include Tempra, Lemsip,Jik and Veja, which meet
‘our value creation criteria but do not possess the
‘multi-geography reach of our Powerbrands.

Certain brands have the potential to grow into
Powerbrands over time. These include Move
Free, our joint health supplement, which has
‘enjoyed strong levels of adoption in China and
contributed to the double-digit growth we.
‘enjoyed there in 2024.

Together, our Powerbrands, future Powerbrands
{and local heroes comprise a cohesive and
proven brand portfolio, to which we can apply
‘our Playbook to build on the strong structural
economics of the regional businesses that
deliver them.

(Our ongoing investment in brand equity is a
vital component of our success and is enabled
though the high gross margins our products
enjoy. Investment broadens the shoulders of our
brands and boosts their ablity to create value.

(Our ability to premiumise products and extend
them to new categories lies at the heart ofthis
[process as we deliver superior solutions that draw
(on the deep science of our innovation platfors.

Finish Ultimate Plus Allin Tuses
‘breakthrough CycleSyne™
technology to release the right
ingredient atthe right time to
deliver intensive clean and shine.
75% of Finish tablet net revenue
‘comes from thermoformed
‘tablets, which have contributed
almost £500 milion additional net
revenue in 2024 versus 2019.

Sunepe repo woverance

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Annual Repor and Accounts 2024 13,

Value Creation Model continued

SUPERIOR INNOVATION

Innovation is a vital driver of our
growth. Through our world class,
science-backed innovation
capabilities, we create value for our
Powerbrands and delight consumers
by premiumising solutions and
introducing new categories.

The ‘Science Inside’ Reckitt
At the heart of our innovation capabilities is deep
scientific expertise. Our innovation platforms fuel
Cur growth and build brand market leadership by
providing a pipeline of strong, trusted solutions
for our brands. We leverage the strength of

nine interconnected science and technology
platforms to our products, each dedicated to
iscoveries that drive impactful solutions for
high-potential categories we identify through
‘our consumer insights. These capabilties channel
the ‘Science Inside’ our products.

(Our microbiome platforr, which looks at sic
targeted areas including the built environment
biome to understand the microbes in our
‘surroundings, is a great example of how we apply.
‘our scientific rigour. This understanding helps us
to innovate in categories such as laundry and
‘demonstrates the clear connection between
hygiene and good health.

‘Our approach focuses on developing fewer,
bigger and better propositions fram each of our
science and technology platforms. We harness
‘breakthrough science and enable it to travel
‘across categories. This helps to maximise the
value of new discoveries by applying it across
multiple Powerbrands to address a multitude

Cf unmet consumer needs.

We keep sustainability, equatory compliance
‘and consumer safety core to this end-to-end
process, ensuring that ‘safety-by-design is atthe

heart of all product development stages while
also aiming to reduce our environmental impact,

(Our worldwide team of Regulatory and Safety
Scientists work end to end across our product
Portfolio to ensure compliance with all product-
related competent authority regulations as well
as early detection, assessment and mitigation of
emerging regulatory trends and concerns about
ingredients, contaminants, degradants and
impurities. Through proactive Product
‘Stewardship processes, we strive not just to be
‘compliant anytime and anywhere but to be
‘ahead of regulations and societal concerns so
that we can deliver maximum product resilence
‘and competitive advantage.

Read more inReckit’s 2024 Sustainability Report
on product safety

Innovating for the consumer
‘The success of Lysol Air Sanitizer demonstrates
how our platform discoveries lead to breakthrough
‘propositions. its launch in July 2023 sparked the
‘creation of a whole new Germ Protection category
‘with the first and only ar sanitising spray approved
bby the EPA, which ils 99% of airborne viruses and
bacteria, This groundbreaking innovation was
‘recognised by the prestigious R&D100 Awards in
2024, winning an award in the Process/Prototyping
‘category. Ths innovative solution has not only
created a new category in ar Gsinfection but has
continued to drive strong penetration and growth
for Lysol overall

The ‘Science inside’ Reckitt enables us to offer
‘premium solutions in existing categories. These
include the reformulation of Vanish Oxi Action
using a new patented technology with
sustainability in mind to offer uncompromised
stain removal in a quick, 30-minute cold wash
at ust 20°C (see case study on page 12)

Packaging innovation is another area where
‘we apply our platform science to reduce
‘environmental impact. Our polymer science
platform uses novel materials and technology
‘to make packaging lighter and incorporate
post-consumer recycled (PCR) polymers.

Durex Fetherlite Our
Hyaluronic Acid (WA)
‘condoms are one of the
brand's fastest growing
recent innovations. Bringing
‘anew lubrication
‘experience, HA is
particularly popular with
females. With rapid growth
in 2024, Durex now leads
the HA segment in China.

Recycled content in packaging has been
introduced across multiple products including
Vanish, Lysol, Harpic and Finish to reduce their
environmental impact. The impact of these
projects has contributed to an increase in net
revenue from more sustainable products, which
now accounts for over a third of total revenue
(Gee more on page 45).

We actively conduct research studies through our
science platforms to help us gain further insights
into our categories and showcase our category
leadership. We recently published a first-oFits-

kind study on the vaginal microbiome in the open
access journal Microorganisms, in partnership with
two leading gynaecology experts. As an emerging
area of health research, the study examined how
personal lubricants affect the vaginal microbiome.

ur findings demonstrated that various Durex and
KY lubricants do not negatively impact the healthy
vaginal microbiome, addressing concerns based
(on previous laboratory test data. By increasing
Cour insights into vaginal health, we are better
equipped to deliver the best products and
solutions for consumers to care for their

intimate wellness.

Ourinnovation platforms fue our growth and bud
brand market leadership by providing a pipeline of
strong, trusted solutions for our brands. Our
commitment to innovation and the depth of our
platforms ensure that we remain atthe forefront
Cf solving problems for consumers by delvering
products that also further our sustainability goals
and ambitions.

enoge pot wovernance rane statements

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£64236709C84

Aecitt Anal Report and Accounts 2028

“

Value Creation Model continued

EXECUTION EXCELLENCE

Execution in market is fundamental
to our success, Through our new
operating model, we are continuously
improving the way we serve
consumers through strong customer
relationships and adapting our
products and their delivery to meet
specific local needs. Our global
‘success model is based on the scale
we enjoy in Emerging Markets,
Europe and North America.

The extensive reach of our go-to-market networks,
combined with the scale of our manufacturing
Capabilities, rive the growth of our Powerbrands
‘and support strong gross margins through
‘economies of scale and operational efficiencies.

We define success at local market level, tailoring
‘our approach to the unique needs of every
market, whether through our e-commerce
strategy in China or by amending packaging sizes
to better serve households in emerging markets.

We work continuously to enhance our in-market
‘execution capabilities. This eemains a key priority
‘When it comes to customer service excellence

‘and better meeting consumer needs, there's no
finish line; there's always room for improvernent.

Optimised Supply organisation

‘Our supply chain fundamental to serving our
‘customers in market. Itis the backbone of Reckit,
spanning manufacturing, procurement, logistics
and customer service and comprises about half
‘of our organisation.

During 2024, we took strategic measures to
improve our service levels to customers and to
‘ensure that Gur supply footprint possesses the
agility to respond to changes in consumer demand.

We are continuing to make strategic
investments to strengthen our local supply
capabilities. In Decemiber 2024, we announced
the acquisition of a manufacturing site in
Wilson, North Carolina. Commissioned primarily,
to produce Mucinex tablets and liquids,

‘Wilson will Become Reckitt’ largest OTC
manufacturing facility in the US and is crucial in
boosting our ability to meet seasonal demand
in our largest single market (see case study

‘on page 20).

We also made strides in enhancing our
forecasting and planning through the
‘deployment of our end-to-end integrated
business planning system. Possessing
‘embedded scenario planning, this system has
already contributed to improving our forecasting
accuracy, to reducing inventory levels and to
increasing our service levels to customers.

We have expanded our cigital logistics
programme with the connection of our ocean
freight operations to @ Real Time Transport
Visibility Patform. This has proven valuable

for managing geopolitical cisruptions that

have impacted ocean transport During 2024,

we began the large-scale roll-out of our
Manufacturing Operating System, which supports
the further enhancement of our manufacturing
excellence programme. This significantly
enhances our visibilty of potential improvements
across al areas of our operations and acts as 2
‘means of implementation in some circumstances.
We will continue the rol-out ofthis programme
throughout 2026.

‘As part of our ongoing commitment to
improvement, in January 2025 we launched a
rnewiy-designed Supply organisation to set us up
for success and alow us to execute with greater
excellence. Alongside this we are investing in a
long-term sustainable supply chain that wal be 3
key enabler of stronger value creation for our
‘business. This new platform will support our laser
focus on developing capabilites to standardise
‘our ways of working and ensure we are delivering
bestin-class service and superior product quality

Sinope repo overance hnaneal statements

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024

6

Value Creation Model continued

(Our new Supply organisation establishes an
effective partnership between our global
Capabilties and local execution by providing clear
‘ownership and accountability. This combination of
capability and executional excellence wil ensure
‘we can win for our customers and our consumers.

Harnessing digital capabilities
‘Throughout 2024, our IT & Digital organisation
made significant progress in diving and
‘embedding innovation to enable our global teams
to better serve their markets. We continued to
develop our Al capabilites with a specific focus
‘on developing too's to enhance execution in
supply sales, marketing and R&D.

Building on our strong data and Al foundations, in
2024 we launched our ambitious GenAl
transformation programme, which began in
‘marketing and will expand further in 2025. In
‘addition to harnessing the best technology
available, we are developing our own tools and
validating new ways to continue to dive

brand-building at Reckitt. Our programme spans
Creativity insights and the key tasks our marketers
perform daly. As we deploy our initial suite of
tools in mare key markets in 2025, we are working
to enhance bath productivity and growth,
achieving up to 60% faster concept development
‘and 30% faster advertisement adaptation and
localisation, We are scaling our approach inthe UK
‘and US, improving efficiency, effectiveness and
‘ou ability to better serve local markets as we
integrate GenAl across our marketing tasks.

‘Our Al capabilities have been developed out of our
‘Global Hubs, which focus on developing shared
services across our business in order to improve
‘execution across markets

Separately, we have continued our
‘commitment to expanding our shared services
capabilities with the opening of a new Global
Hub in Warsaw in August 2024 (see adjacent
case study).

Lysol Air Sanitizer is a
first-of-its-kind combined
sanitiser and bacterial
‘odour eliminator. Killing
99.9% of both airborne
viruses and bacteria, it has
generated over £50 milion
innet revenue since its
launch in September 2023.

INVESTING IN OUR SHARED SERVICES

(ur Global Hubs focus on developing
solutions for our business across technology,
data, Al and multi-functional shared services.

They enhance efficiency and innovation on a
global scale and ensure operating capabilities
that surpass industry benchmarks to increase
the quality of service and reduce costs,

In August 2024, we opened a new Global
Hub in Warsaw. Located in the VIBE building
in Warsaw's Wola District, the office
promotes creativity and adheres to high ESG
standards to reduce energy consumption,

This facility reflects our future vision and
commitment to expanding our shared
services capabilities at Reckitt

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC.£642367C9C84

emege report overnance

Reckitt Anal Repor and Accounts 2028 16

Strategic Priorities

~ PROGRESS TOWARDS OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES

Our strategic priorities guide our choices as we create value through a sharper portfolio and a simpler, more

effective organisation.

iorty
Portfolio value creation

by applying three clear
principles to drive choices that
‘maximise value

Page 10

Product superiority
through delivering products
that delight consumers and
extend our growth
‘opportunities

Page

Win in market

by executing with excellence
consistently

Page

Fixed cost optimisation

by releasing costs through
simplifying our organisation and
securing productivity and
efficiency benefits

Page 34

Progressin202¢

+ We are moving at pace to reshape Reckitt as a
world-class consumer health and hygiene
organisation.

+ We are significantly sharpening our brand
portfolio and moving to a simpler, more
effective organisation to maximise long-term
value for shareholders

+ Every Powerbrand has earned its place in our core
portfolio by meeting our three principles of value
Creation. Each possesses a long-term runway for
(growth, an attractive earnings model and enduring
competitive advantage

We have equipped our organisation with better
tools and capabilities to enable our teams to
‘execute with excellence in market

We are boosting the agility of our US OTC supply
capabilities through commissioning a new
‘manufacturing facility in Wilson, North Carolina

We expanded our cost efficiency initiatives in
‘our new Fuel For Growth programme, which
targets a reduction in‘our fixed costs to 19%
of net revenue as we exit 2027, versus 21.8%
in 2023

Future focus

+ We will focus on a portfolio of market-leading
Powerbrands, enabling us to allocate capital
‘against brands that offer the best long-term
‘opportunities for growth

+ Our focus remains on innovation to deepen the
‘equity of our brands and drive growth through
premiumisation, new category creation and
greater household penetration of our products

+ We will continue to launch new products and.
invest in our innovation platforms to extend the
growth runways of our Powerbrands

+ Qur new supply organisation and investments in
‘our supply chain will reinforce our business
resilience and present opportunities to enhance
‘our customer relationships

‘We will continue our focus on localising our
production capabilities in market to better
match local demand with supply

+ We will continue to focus on securing the
efficiency benefits of our simpler organisation

+ Advancing shared services adoption will help
Us reduce costs while we hamess digital and
Al capabilities to boost productivity

Risks (ee Rsk Management on pages 53-55 for deta)

+ Business transformation
+ Product innovation

+ ESG transition

+ Macroeconomic uncertainty

+ Business transformation
+ Product innovation

+ Supply chain continuity and resilience
+ Product integrity

+ ESG transition

+ Macroeconomic uncertainty

+ Business transformation
+ Geopolitical instability

+ Product innovation

+ Technology resilience and information security
+ Supply chain continuity and resilience

+ Product integrity

+ Legal and compliance

+ ESG transition

+ Business transformation
+ Geopolitical instability

+ Technology resilience and information security
+ Supply chain continuity and resiience

+ £5G transition

+ Macroeconomic uncertainty

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘yeatege per’ wovernance

‘ecittAnoalRepor and Accounts 2028

uv

Simpler Organisation

ASIMPLER, MORE EFFECTIVE ORGANISATION

Our new unified category structure
enables a step change in our
organisational effectiveness,
supporting stronger in-market
execution through a leaner, more
agile operating model.

Anew unified category structure

In July 2024, we announced our plans to reshape
Reckitt as a world-class consumer health

‘and hygiene company through a significant
sharpening of our brand portfolio and a move
toa simpler, more effective organisation.

We adopted this new model on 1 January 2025,
replacing our Global Business Units (GBUs) with
a unified category structure operated through
three geographic areas: Emerging Markets,
Europe and North America. The new structure
has fewer management layers and reduced
duplication in order to accelerate the speed of
‘our decision-making and improve efficiency.

ur new global category organisation delivers
consumer insight, category expertise and
innovation across our brand portfolios in Self
Care, Germ Protection, Household Care and
Intimate Wellness. Our three geographic areas
focus on execution excellence for consumers
‘and customers in market. Working together, we
‘are equipped to deliver stronger in-market
‘execution through harnessing core expertise in
brand innovation to leaner global capabilities
that are embedded in local markets.

De-layering the organisation

Akey element of our new structure is the
simplification of our organisational layers.
Reckitt previously operated with five: global,
GBUs, area, region and-market. By reducing
these to three (global, area and market), we
remove unnecessary complexity and
duplicative functions that were an inadvertent
consequence of our GBU model

Fewer layers enable changes in our leadership
model, moving from a high-cost, multi-layered
leadership to fewer, larger leadership roles.
Alongside a progressive adoption of cross-
functional end-to-end shared services, our
new structure expands the scope of our fixed
cost reduction opportunities, which are
captured in our Fuel for Growth programme
(ee page 34).

emerging Marker,

Amore agile Reckitt

ur simpler organisation has been designed to
bring about a step-change in our organisation's
effectiveness by accelerating decision-making
and channelting our entrepreneurial energy to
the market opportunities we serve. In doing so,
we can unlock the full potential of our
Powerbrands by improving our ability to meet
the needs of consumers and customers across
‘our markets.

Europe

Unified
category
structure o

g
s
x”
3
Cre oe
Essential
Home

2Quawy yor

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-SBAC-£642367C9C84

Siege repor | Governence. "nage statements wine formation

Reckitt Anns! Report and Accounts 202618

Our Core Business

CORE RECKITT

Reckitt is a truly special business, with a portfolio
of market-leading, iconic Powerbrands that

can deliver accelerated growth and enhanced
value creation.

(ur Powerbrands are loved by consumers and occupy market-
leading positions in their categories. Each possesses enduring
competitive advantage through the strength and depth of their
equities and considerable global scale in their market reach

‘Sharpening our portfolio has allowed us to simplify Reckitt
bby moving to a unified category organisation dedicated to
the delivery of market-leading strategy, innovation and,
activation for our Powerbrands across the four categories
(see adjacent table).

Our categories are unified by growth opportunities and financial
attributes that lead in our industry. Each enjoys high gross
‘margins, which underpin ongoing reinvestment in marketing
and R&D, supporting deep innovation platforms that will enable
Us to grow our market presence through premiumisation and
new category creation.

In core Reckitt, we have a scaled presence in the regions and
markets where we believe it matters most. Our categories

‘and brands share a highly consistent operating model, with
optimised supply and go-to-market strategies that enable scale
across a global health and hygiene marketplace we know best.

Reckitt’s long history of winning with consumers in these
categories provides us with deep-rooted expertise in the
‘markets in which we play. In consolidating our organisation
with a unified category structure, we are better able to move
at speed and deliver the excellence in execution that will
secure our future success.

1 Percentage net revenve contribution to core Reckt bated on FY 2024

SELF CARE

337%

of core Reckitt’

GERM PROTECTION

30%

of core Reckitt’

HOUSEHOLD CARE

23%

of core Reckitt’

INTIMATE WELLNESS

An

of core Reckitt!

Self Care is led by our Powerbrands Mucinex, Strepsis,
Gaviscon and Nurofen, Our over-the-counter (OTC) products
are trusted by consumers and healthcare professionals to treat
a range of symptoms. Their growth is fuelled by increased
disposable income and heightened consumer interest in
health, especially as populations age, as well as category
Penetration opportunities in emerging markets.

Germ Protection brings together Lysol, Dettol and Harpic.
We view hygiene as the foundation of health which these
brands enable by protecting against the spread of germs.
(Our Germ Protection brands enjoy penetration and category
Creation opportunities around the world as consumers seek
protection against viruses and bacteria on surfaces, in their
laundry and in the air.

Household Care leads with Finish and Vanish. The growth
of these two global leaders of their respective household
categories, auto dishwash and laundry additives, is being
driven by large penetration and premiumisation opportunities,
with significant potential in large developing markets.

Intimate Wellness is home to Durex and Veet. Eachis a global
leader in its respective category, condoms and depilatories.
Their growth is fuelled by increasing consumer interest,
normalisation and engagement, which we are meeting with
innovation and product premiumisation. We are confident
about the growth opportunities in emerging markets such

as India, Africa and Latin America, where changing social
attitudes are helping to drive higher adoption rates.

inwpe repo ovemance

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 19

Market Execution

EXECUTING ACROSS OUR AREAS

397%

EMERGING MARKETS

Since 1840, Reckitt has grown brands
into household names around the
world, supported by an expanding
global footprint. Today, we deliver
these at scale across three geographic
areas, each of which possess the
infrastructure and capabilities to

win in market.

(Our new operating medel provides us with
global scale to execute across our three areas
Emerging Markets, Europe and North America
The operating model benefits from the significant
presence we have established in Reckt’s key
growth markets

The geograpic footprint of our Powerbrand
portfoko tits us further towards the faster-
{rowing emerging markets such as India, China
‘and Africa, where Reckit already benefits from
extensive scale inocal supply capabities.

35%

EUROPE

In Europe, operational scale is growing with the
unification of our go-to-market structures, which
‘operated separately under the previous Global
Business Unit structure,

In the US, we are investing in our local
manufacturing capabities to respond faster to
future demand for seasonal OTC product while
‘enhancing the technology that supports our
<istribution and supply capabilites.

The breadth of our go-to-market networks and
‘our expanding local manufacturing capabilities
underpin the growth of our Powerbrands,
supporting strong gross margins through
‘economies of scale and operational efficiencies.

Emerging Markets

Collectively, Emerging Markets represents the
largest single area in Reckit's Powerband
portfolio and is led by the high-growth markets
(of China and India,

Reckitt is well placed to serve consumers.
in the world's most populated country India,
‘which accounts for 8% of core Reckitt net
revenue. We sell through over one milion outlets

1 Percentage net evenve contibutios 0 core Reckit based on FY 2024 nancial results

26%

NORTH AMERICA

in india and have grown strongly over the past five
years, Our manufacturing capabilty enables us to
supply 95% of products localy at excellent service
levels, helped by the recent doubling of our direct
‘customer coverage,

There is significant growth potential for health and
hygiene categories in india, where Dettolis 3
leading Powerbrand and enjoys status as one of
the most trusted and iconic brands in the country.
Dettolis also one of our most expandable brands,
enabling us to navigate the consumer from
entry-level bar soaps to Dettols growing range of
premium personal hygiene products.

China represents 10% of core Reckitt net revenue
and became our largest emerging market in 2024
following a strong year of double-digit growth,
Here, we lead with two Powerbrands: Durex, for
‘which China is our largest market, and Dettol. We
also have a growing VMS business, led by

MoveF ree, which enjoyed double-digit growth
‘during the year. in Household Care, Finish has
significant penetration potential in the auto
<dishwash category, given less than 3% of China's
households currently have dishwashers,

We have developed strong go-to-market
Capabilties though e-commerce in China, including
seling through livestream channels, These
Contributed to China's double-digit growth in 2024
‘and we are well positioned to meet local demand
with a robust supply capability that produces:
‘around 80% of the products we sell locally.

We are expanding our presence in China to
support our long-term growth ambitions. In
2022, we opened our largest manufacturing
lant in Taicang, near Shanghai. This state-of-
the-art, digitally native site produces local
supply for Dettol with an annual production
capacity of 100,000 tonnes. Building on the
success of this facility, we are expanding
production capacity to include Durex PU
condoms starting in 2025. As well as meeting
‘growing product demand, the expansion
enables us to build greater resilience in

‘our business continuity planning,

The Taicang facility will also benefit from

‘our new Global R&D Centre for Innovation,
which will be completed in 2026, Located in
Shanghai's Caohejing Technical Park, the centre

‘yeatege reper Governance

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckit AnnualReport and Accounts 202420

Market Execution continued

FLEXIBLE ROUTES TO MARKET

We implement tailored go-to-market,
strategies for our Powerbrands to penetrate
categories and establish market leadership
in fast-growing emerging markets

The global lavatory care market, for exemple,
is projected to grow by 6% annually for the
next five years withthe majority of growth

in the developing world, To engage directly
‘with consumers in counties including Nigeria
and Kenya, Harpic employs in-market
demonstrations and door-to-door sales teams
to showcase product efficacy.

Since launching in 2020, the door-to-door
programme in Kenya has more than doubled in
size, with sales teams conducting ive doorstep
‘demonstrations to over 300,000 households.
~annually, achieving high conversion rates and
fostering repeat customers through automated
deta collection,

Harpic has also increased access to hygiene
‘products in emerging markets by reducing pack
‘izes and offering sachets, lowering the cost of
entry for consumers, :

Making our products accessible in this way
‘means that more people can access the
high-quality products they need to helo them
cate for themselves, their homes and their
families. In Nigeria, anew sachet production line
‘was inaugurated in May 2024 in Agbara, further
supporting household penetration in the region.

INVESTING IN LOCAL MANUFACTURING

‘We are making strategic investments to
significantly expand production capacity and fully
support the growing demand for our
Powerbrands within local markets.

In December 2024, we announced a £155 milion
acquisition of a pharmaceutical stein Wilson,
North Carolina, which will become a state-of-the-
art manufacturing facity, primarily for Mucinex
production. This wll enhance our agity in
‘meeting seasonal demand for OTC products in
our largest market once it becomes fully
operational in 2027.

(Our Powerbrands aso leverage digital
{go-to-market strategies to engage consumers,

In China, Veet uses TikTok to lead conversations
‘around hair removal habits among digitally
ative younger consumers, cfiving a significant
Portion of revenue in this market.

By employing a diverse range of go-to-market
strategies, our Powerbrands continuously strive
to meet consumers in each market in ways
that best suit their needs.

Link to strategy
Win ni market

The 310,000 square-foot site will not only support
Mucinex but also has the capacity to manufacture
‘other products in the future such as Move Free
‘and Biofreeze, supporting our long-term growth
ambitions in these categories.

Elsewhere, folowing the rapid growth of our OTC
Powerbrand Gaviscon we have made continuous
investments in sourcing and raw material production
sites across key markets throughout 2024.

will leverage the city’s position as a hub for
technology and innovation, helping us to build
strategic partnerships and drive product
innovation, As the commercial centre of our
China business, Shanghai's proximity to Taicang
will strengthen collaboration between our
Commercial, Supply and R&O teams. By
innovating in China as part of our ‘China-for-
China’ strategy, we will be better equipped to
<eliver innovations that resonate focally while
also scaling these solutions globally.

Europe

Europe is a complex and vibrant region with an.
abundance of opportunity and is the original
home of many of our Powerbrands. Durex,
Nurofen and Gaviscon enjoy category-leading
positions in many markets across the region.

Italy is @ great example of how we go to market
in Europe, having delivered strong, consistent
(growth over the last three years, with a net
revenue CAGR of over 6%, This is supported by
a robust local supply footprint, with around 94%
Of products produced within the EU. Several of
‘our Powerbrands are market leaders in Italy,
including Finish, Gaviscon, Durex and Strepsi’s.
Reinforcing its market position, Durex has

This expansion has resulted in a doubling of
Gaviscon's production capacity across all key
product formats and ranges and ensures that we
Can meet the increasing demand for Gaviscon
products.

These investments ip Mucinex and Gaviscon
highlight our commitment to strengthening local
‘manufacturing capabilities, improving customer
service and enhancing the resilience of our
supply chain

Unk to strategy
Win in market

\yrmage pon overance  rinanca statements

Docusign Envelope ID: F54CSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2028 21

Market Execution continued

become the first-ever official partner of the
Italian government in sex education for high
school students,

(Over the last four years, we've seen a significant
shift upwards in our market position in the OTC
‘segment in italy, moving up to a number five
position from number nine, with participation

in three of the top five OTC categories.

North America
North America includes our largest market,

the US, which comprises 24% of core Reckitt
net revenue. Market-leading Powerbrands in
this market include Lysol, Finish and Mucinex

‘Around 60% of our products sold in the US by
value are produced locally through our local
supply network of manufacturing plants.

We are investing to increase this percentage
significantly with the commissioning of a new
manufacturing site in Wilson, North Carolina,
‘which will boost our agility to respond to future
growth in the US seasonal OTC market

(Gee case study on page 20).

We have continued to invest elsewhere in
‘our US Supply organisation to match growth

in demand. During 2024, we saw this increase
for Lysol products, including through the club
retail channel, which is 2 market penetration
‘opportunity attracting consumers who opt for
larger product packs. In July 2024, we launched
a high-speed canister wipes packaging line

in St. Peter's, Missouri to support the strong
demand for our wipes mult-packs in this
channel. This ine has the capability to produce
up to three variants in multi-pack bundles,
reducing complexity and increasing automation.

We have also strengthened our go-to-market
‘network capabilities through a focus on
improving our customer service. This has
increased Reckitt’ relative share of distribution
in recent years. In the Kantar 2024 Advantage
survey, we demonstrated strong online
‘execution and presence when ranked

against our peers.

VALUE CHAIN

We continue to use our scale and reach to influence positive change and
impact across our value chain, which in turn underpins the value we are able

to create for stakeholders.

O1 PRODUCT DESIGN

We develop superior, science-based
solutions and we use our Sustainable
Innovation Calculator to design products that
Contribute to our sustainability targets.

Read move on page 4S

02 SOURCING

We source product packaging and raw
materials from around 3,800 suppliers across
59 countries. Around 31,000 suppliers provide
services that support our business,

03 MANUFACTURING

We have 48 production facilities, supported
by 282 third-party manufacturing sites
(co-packers).

04 SUPPLY AND LOGISTICS

ur global distribution network consists of
144 distribution/ embellishment centres
across 54 countries.

05 SALES AND MARKETING

Globally, our major trading channels span
milions of retailers, from online retailers to
brick and mortar stores, and leverage a
network of distributors to reach consumers,
‘especially in Emerging Markets.

06 CONSUMER USE

Our products are used in households millions
of times each day. On this scale, even small
‘changes in consumer behaviour can have a
big impact.

07 END OF LIFE DISPOSAL

‘We aim to design for a circular economy to
help reduce plastic and packaging waste.

Read more in Reckitt's 2024
Sustainability report

Read more about our stakeholders
‘on page 74

STAKEHOLDER VALUE CREATION

Our Consumers

2.3bn

People engaged through our purpose-
led partnerships since 2020
2023: 1.9bn since 2020

Our People

c.17,800

Learning Library unique users
2023: 9500

Our Investors

£2.7bn

cash returned to shareholders
2023: £1.5bn,

Governments

£700mn

tax paid
2023: £922mn

Our Customers
46%

the Advantage Survey for e-commerce
2023: 41%

‘Our Suppliers

£269k

average spend with our suppliers
2023: £240k

‘Communities

£34mn

in social impact investments
2023: £31mn

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
\yrmtepe reper woverance  rnsneirstoemente oiner mrormaton

Reckit Anal Report and Accounts 202422

Self Care

SUPPORTING HEALTH THROUGH

SELF CARE

Our Self Care brands are category leaders in
over-the-counter (OTC) healthcare. They offer
effective, medicated solutions for common health
concerns including pain, congestion, indigestion
and sore throat, providing easy access to relief
without the need for a prescription.

Within our Self Care portfolio, two Powerbrands directly support
consumers in managing the symptoms of cold and flu: Mucinex,
the number two formulation in upper respiratory, and Stepsils,
the global market leader in medicated sore throat

(ur two non-seasonal OTC Powerbrands are Gaviscon, the
number one in heartburn and ingigestion worldwide, and
Nurofen the market-leading analgesic brand in Europe,

‘Australia and New Zealand

#2 #1

Mucinex: global upper Gaviscon: global upper
respiratory gastrointestinal

Strepsils: global medicated Nurofen: Global analgesics
sore throat

Cains based on information aggregated part rm dat sped by Nason
throught Real Measurement Services and in pat fom deta mputs Wom other
‘oper en coe or the relevant category, eographe locus 3nd bated oo
FY24 asad on rand players on)

‘Weategereper’ Governance

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC.£642367C9C84

echt Anal Report and Accounts 2024 23

Self Care continued

‘The long-term runway for growth inthis category
's undespinned by an increasing number of
consumers actively seeking OTC solutions. This,
includes the health needs of an ageing global
‘population and health-conscious individuals
seeking to treat minor aiments without medical
Consultation, reducing the burden on healthcare
providers. At the same time, greater access to
information and online resources is empowering
consumers to choose the most effective

self care solutions

We communicate with consumers through
educational campaigns, partnerships with health
organisations, digital engagement and point of.
sale displays. Nurofen, for example, continues to
dive awareness and growth in the pain

Category, including with its ongoing 'See My
Pain’ campaign (see adjacent case study).

We aim to drive above-category growth
‘by combining our strong brand equity with
innovative science. Mucinex entered a new
‘space in 2024 with the launch of its Sinus Satine
2-in-1 Nasal Spray, the first ever drug-free
saline product with a nozzle that switches
between spray settings for everyday allergens
‘and tough nasal congestion.

Our innovation capabilities are driving the
development of new product formats, with
the successful launch in September 2024

of Mucinex Mighty Chews, the first over-the-
counter medicated children's soft chewable
tablet for cough relief.

ur digestive health portfolio, led by Gaviscon,
has expanded into the lower gastrointestinal
(GI category with three specialised ranges:
constipation, diarrhoea, and wind and bloating,
leveraging a unique science platform designed
to address the causes of these symptoms and
prevent their recurrence. This extension into
the lower Gl category builds significant scale
across the combined upper and lower
Gicategory.

The market penetration opportunity in

Self Care adds significant headroom for
long-term growth in the category. We see
particular potential in emerging markets,
‘where Self Care is still nascent, for scaling
brands such as Gaviscon and titing our
portfolio further towards non-seasonality,

LEVERAGING OUR SCIENCE ACROSS COLD & FLU RELIEF

Strepsiis and Mucinex are leaders in cold and flu
cate, each with a distinctive focus. Strepsis is
the global leader in medicated sore throat
remedies, while Mucinex is the leading
doctor-recommended cold and flu medication
in the US. In recent years, both Powerbrands
have broadened their shoulders by entering
adjacent categories.

‘This expansion is powered by their shared
science platforms, developing innovative ranges
that cater to changing consumer needs and
(offering multiple functional benefits,

‘Mucinex entered the $1 billion US sore throat
category in 2021 with the launch of
Instasoothe, which combines its trusted.
‘brand with science from the Strepsils sore
throat platform. Clinically proven to num
ppain quickly with a three-in-one formula,
Instasoothe is the only lozenge in the US to
Contain hexylresociol, an oral pain reliever.
‘Market penetration in the US continued in
2024 as the range continues to deliver,
double-digit year-on-year growth,

Strepsis has followed the reverse path to
‘Mucinex, expanding the brand's global footprint

Nurofen continued to drive market penetration in
2024 withthe international roll-out of several new
formulations, particularly Nurofen Liquid Capsules
in Italy, and in Mexico under the Temprafen brand.
We saw a promising early response to the launch
of Nurofen sustained release with 12-hour pain
relief in Romania, Meanwhile, launching smaller
packs of Nuromol has proven a successful strategy
‘0 gain penetration in households in South
‘America,

The Self Care category offers attractive returns
given the innovative and efficacious solutions
we provide. This enables continued high levels.
of investment in brand building and innovation.
‘Our enduring source of competitive advantage
‘stems from brand equity built on the deep
‘rust our consumers have in our effective
solutions, supported by over 70 years of
‘esearch and innovation

With continued innovation, category expansion
‘and the market penetration opportunity in
‘emerging markets, we believe Reckitt’s Self
Care brands are well positioned to deliver
attractive growth in the years ahead,

from sore throat into the cough category. In
2022, Strepsils launched Dry Cough Lozenges in
‘Australia, offering triple relief for cough, sore
throat and blocked nose, which quickly became
‘a market leader. Building on this success,
‘Strepsis launched Herbal Chesty Cough
Lozenges in Australia in 2024. With a successful
launch ahead of forecasts, Strepsils cough
expansion programme will now roll out across
‘additional markets during 2025 through
lozenges and syrups.

Link to strategy
Portfolio value creation

PAIN AWARENESS

Nurofen continues to raise awareness around
pain, partnering with universities and key
pinion leaders. Our ongoing ‘See My Pain’
campaign seeks to address how women’s
pain is often dismissed compared to men's.
In October 2024, we released our third
Gender Pain Gap Index Report, revealing
that women's pain is dismissed from as
young as 10 years old. This is an ongoing
Collaboration with Oxford University
researchers and was referenced in a UK
Parlamentary Committee report on
women's reproductive health.

We published a new study in BMJ Open in
2024, in collaboration with Imperial College
London, examining the perceptions of UK
medical students regarding gender pain
bias based on their clinical observations.
The study discusses ways to prevent such
bias in medical training. We also ran a Pain
in Children advisory board focused on
ensuring better recognition and treatment
of children's pain,

‘Additionally, we launched a UK campaign
for Nuromol, a combined paracetamol and
ibuprofen pain reliever, successfully
positioning it as a solution for strong pain
sufferers, which has unlocked growth in
this market.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
\rmogicrepom | woverance. " rnencir statement Urner mreematon

Reckit AnnualReport and Accounts 2024 28

Germ Protection

TRUSTED BRANDS FOR

GERM
PROTECTION

For over a century, families have
relied on our Germ Protection brands,
which people trust to protect the
ones they love.

(Our three Powerbrands in Germ Protection are
category leaders, trusted by consumers: Lysol, the
‘number one global disinfectant with its strong
consumer base in the US; Dettol, the number one
in global antiseptic personal care; and Harpic, the
leading global lavatory care brand.

Lysol, Dettol and Harpic share a common
recognition of hygiene as the foundation of health,
‘providing solutions that enable consumers to
achieve the highest hygiene standards at home.

ur innovation platforms drive the creation
of new categories within Germ Protection,
providing opportunities for long-term growth

Lysolis a proven pioneer in category creation and
hhas pushed boundaries to expand beyond surface
disinfection to tackle harmful germs in laundry
and in the air (see case study). Lysol Laundry
Sanitizer has reached 11% of US households
since its successful launch in 2016, transforming
the way families tackle germs in their laundry,
‘and Lysol Air Sanitizer has been adopted by three
million US households since its launch in 2023,

#1

Lysok: global global
disinfection lavatory care
Dettot: global

antiseptic personal care

Cisins based on information aggregated in pat fom data
Supplied by Netven throughs Aetst Measurement Sees
Sndin part rom data input from oer suppers each
ase forthe relevant category. geographe focus ana basee
‘onti24 foted on Brandes payers ony)

‘eatege report’ overnance

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C48-406E-SBAC-E64236709C84

Reckitt Anal Report and Accounts 2024 25,

Germ Protection continued

There is significant potential for market
penetration in these new categories. The US
club channel, consisting of large-scale retail
chains offering a wide range of products at
attractive prices and in bulk quantities, has
been a significant growth driver for Lysol
‘during 2024, Products such as the large pack of
Lysol Laundry Sanitizer and Lysol Disinfecting
Wipes multi-packs are selling well in this,
‘channel and Lysol Air Sanitizer was rolled out
across the club retailers in January 2025.

Demographic changes are driving increasing
hygiene awareness globally and are significant
tailwinds for market penetration in the Germ
Protection category. They include the risk of
pandemics, climate change, urbanisation and the
‘growing middle class in emerging markets.

Dettol and Harpic’s geographic exposures are
beneficially weighted towards emerging markets,
which are seeing increasing disposable income
spent on hygiene and personal care categories.
Dettol has leveraged its trusted brand status by
extending in recent years beyond the liquid
antiseptic category into new categories including
personal care, laundry and surface disinfection
Following successful launches in these
categories, the opportunity for market
penetration remains significant,

Dettol is unlocking new hygiene occasions for
Consumers both in emerging markets, where
Dettol Disinfectant Spray is showing strong
{growth in China, and in established markets
such as the UK, where our new advertising
campaign, launched in Summer 2024, is
encouraging consumers to re-think their
approach to germ protection by boosting
perceptions of its everyday relevance to their
lives, This has driven growth, particularly in
wipes, with a notable increase in the
percentage of UK consumers who believe that
Dettol should be part of their everyday
Cleaning routines,

Each Powerbrand shares a common source
of enduring competitive advantage in deep
brand equity, earring consumer trust and
loyalty through decades of innovation and
demonstrated efficacy. This isa strong
foundation for attractive returns in the Germ
Protection category together with an ability to
price premium products through offering
superior solutions and creating new categories.

CREATING NEW CATEGORIES IN GERM PROTECTION

Lysol and Dettol have created significant
value over the past five years by leveraging
‘our scientific capabilities to develop and
Penetrate new categories.

Lysol founded a new category beyond its
surface disinfection and Laundry Sanitizer
ranges with the launch ofits breakthrough
Lysol Air Sanitizer in July 2023. This is the first
and only air sanitising spray approved by the
EPA to effectively kill both viruses and
bacteria inthe air, reducing the spread of
airborne illness-causing pathogens such as
Cold, fu and coronavirus.

‘The science behind this formulas based on
active molecules which attach themselves to
and breakdown airborne microorganisms,
killng germs and odours. The product is
steadily increasing its market penetration,
reaching 2 record-high of 8.4% market share in
air instant action sales in September 2024.

Dettol has successfully broadened the
shoulders of its strong brand using
innovation to enter new categories in new
‘markets in laundry and personal care. In 2022,
we launched Dettol Washing Machine
Cleaner and Dettol Laundry Pods in China,
accelerating Detto's penetration in laundry

alongside the Dettol Laundry Sanitiser.
The five-in-one washing machine cleaner,
developed through our microbiome science
platform, kills 999% of bacteria, while
removing limescale from deep in the
machine. The four-in-one Tru-Protect
Laundry Solution laundry pods, powered by
‘our polymer science platform, provide both
cleaning and germ-kill in one formula, These
launches proved successful, with the
Washing Machine Cleaner currently holding a
‘number one market position and 34% market
share in China and the Laundry Pods a
‘number one market position in Hong Kong,

Dettots strong innovation pipeline continues
in 2025 with the launch of a range of personal
care and disinfectant products offering
{-hour protection against harmful germs,
enabled by innovation derived from medical
science.

‘The creation of new product categories,
‘supported by a strong pipeline of innovation,
‘opens up significant market penetration
‘opportunities for Lysol and Dettol in key growth
‘markets including the US, China and ini,

Link to strategy
Portfolio value creation

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£64236709C84
\emtage epan | overance * rmancarsttemente  uxnermermaten

Reckit Annus! Report and Accounts 2024 26

Household Care

PREMIUM SOLUTIONS FOR

HOUSEHOLD
CARE

Finish and Vanish offer premium
solutions that are trusted by millions
of households to tackle everyday
cleaning challenges.

AAs the world's number one automatic
dishwashing brand, Finish provides a complete
range of products, from dishwasher tablets to
rinse and shine aids and dishwasher cleaners.
Vanish, the number one global fabric treatment
brand, offers powerful stain removers, laundry
boosters and carpet cleaners, helping clothes
and carpets last longer.

In recent years, both Powerbrands have
focused on enhancing their core ranges with
premium features to address evolving
consumer needs,

‘The auto dishwash portfolio has transitioned to
superior performance thermoformed tablets
Using innovation capabilities from our polymer
science platform (see adjacent case study)
Today, thermoformed products account for
75% of tablet net revenve.

#1 #fl

Finish: global Vanish: global fabric
‘automatic dishwash treatment

Clams based on information aggregated in part fom data
Supplied by Naten through is etal Measurement Services
Sedin prt rom data np from other suppliers e9ch
ose Yr the relevant category. geogrepnc focus and based
‘on ¥24 (based on branded piyers ond)

‘Yeatege reper ovemance rnancial statements

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt AnnualReport and Accounts 202427

Household Care continued

In 2023, we took premiumisation further
with the successful launch of Finish Ultimate
Plus, featuring our best-performing

ish detergent technology, which enables
‘consumers to save water on each load through
‘eliminating the need for pre-rinsing.

Vanish launched a new formulation for
(Oxi Action Stain Remover in 2023 to meet
consumer demand for high performance in

a shorter, more economical wash. The new
formula promises stain removal and colour
protection, even at 20 degrees on a 30-minute
wash. This was successfully launched in the UK
(Gee case study on page 12)

With strong initial consumer adoption of these
premium products, there is a compelling
‘opportunity for growth with a runway for
deeper market penetration

Finish’s footprint is currently concentrated in
‘markets such as Europe and the US and there is
2 significant opportunity in large, developing
‘markets where dishwasher ownership is
{growing from a low base. The growing

percentage of households that currently own
2 dishwasher globally is about 13%, ands ess
than 3% in China and india. Vanish also has a
large penetration opportunity, with less than
one in five people using a stain removal product.

The Household Care category offers attractive
returns given the premium nature of our
products, which are embedded with patented
technology, providing significant headroom for
continued investment.

The trust earned from consumers, stemming
from 50 years of category development and
innovation at Finish and 30 years at Vanish, is

2 significant contributor to the brand equity of
these category-leading products and provides
2 solid foundation for their future growth,

THE SCIENCE INSIDE FINISH

Finish made the strategic decision to pivot
from traditional hard-pressed dishwashing
tablets to thermoformed tablets in 2019. This
‘change was enabled by our investment in
polymer science, which has equipped us to
innovate new polyurethane-based tablet
formats preferred by consumers and to
premiummise Finish’s market presence
through new product launches,

Thetmoformed tablets have enjoyed a
positive consumer response. In 2024,

there were around 580 millon more Finish
thermoform washes worldwide versus 2023,
and thermoform tablets now account for
three-quarters of our tablet net revenue

Within the thermoform category, we
offer several tiers of tablets, with the

top end represented by our newest launch,
Finish Ultimate Plus. With three times the
Cleaning strength, itis our best-performing
auto dishwash detergent yet.

Powered by patented CycleSync technology,
it releases ingredients separately during the
wash for maximum effectiveness. It also
enables the consumer to skip the pre-rinse
cycle and save up to 40 litres per load.

Since the launch of Finish Ultimate Plus in
2023, sales now represent more than a
quarter of thermoformed tablets sold in our
launch markets, including Germany, the UK
and Australia.

We will continue to invest in the
premiumisation of our thermoform products
to meet the number one consumer need

in auto dishwash: a deep clean, whatever
the conditions.

Link to strategy
Product superiority

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
‘ratape por ovemance.  rnanea statement Urner formation

echt Anal Report and Accounts 2024 28,

Intimate Wellness

EMPOWERING CHOICES IN

INTIMATE
WELLNESS

Durex and Veet are empowering
consumers by offering innovative,
premium personal care solutions that
promote choice and wellbeing

‘As the number one brand in global sexual
wellbeing, Durex leads the industry, innovating
with products designed to enhance the sexual
experience and improve intimate wellness,

Veet, the leading depilatory brand worldwide,
provides superior hair-removal solutions
tailored to suit different skin types, styles and
moods and is trusted in over 80 countries.

Intimate Wellness is an attractive, high-growth
category fuelled by growing consumer interest,
involvement and normalisation. Our
Powerbrands are at the forefront, shaping
‘online conversations and engaging with
people directly

In China, Veet has successfully engaged
with younger, tech-savvy consumers through
TikTok discussions around hair removal. This
platform now drives significant revenues

in China, demonstrating the importance

of digital engagement.

#1 #fl

Durex: global sexual Veet global
wellbeing depilatory

Cains bat0010n information aggregated in pet rom cata
‘Supplied by Nilsen trough te Reta Moseurement Services
nda part rom data input rom other suppliers, neath
ase forthe relevant category. geograpic focus and based
fn Fad (basec on branded poyers on)

‘Yearoge pot. wovernance. nnsnei statement

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024

2»

Intimate Wellness continued

These Powerbrands drive significant growth
by premiumising products to give consumers
more choices to meet their needs and.
preferences. Our consumer insights are
leveraged with science developed through
‘our innovation platforms.

A standout example of ths is the launch of
Durex Fetherite HA condoms in China in 2022.
Recognising lubrication as a key consumer

‘need in this category and the well-known
moisturising benefits of hyaluronic acid (HA)

in skincare, Durex developed a condom with

‘a water-based lubricant containing hyaluronic
‘acid, This successful launch has proven popular
with women, who make up over 3 third of
buyers, higher than the rate for other condoms.
This product has strengthened Durex’s category
leadership in China.

Veet is aso evolving to match consumer needs,
‘with Veet Men posting double-digit growih
‘and capturing over 80% of the global market
for men's deplatores. Meanwhile, our Veet
‘Women's Bikini products, the fist dedicated
range in this new segment, also continue their
success since launch,

The Intimate Wellness category offers
‘additional growth through significant market
Penetration opportunities. While Durex is the
umber one condom brand worldwide, based
Con our estimates we believe Durex products
currently reach less than 1% of global sex
‘occasions. The brand has experienced notable
success in China and there are additional
opportunities for rapid growth in large,
‘emerging markets such as India, Africa and
Latin America. It also enjoys further expansion
‘opportunities in our adjacent categories such
{8 personal lubricants.

Intimate Wellness solutions enjoy an attractive
earnings model with strong gross margins that
tenable ongoing investment in superior materials
‘and new production techniques. Our premium
solutions also enhance the brand equity and
consumer loyalty that both Veet and Durex have
built over 90 years of innovation and leadership

in the category.

With continued premiumisation of products

‘and deeper market penetration in emerging
‘economies, our intimate Wellness portfobo is well
positioned to deliver attractive growth and returns
in the years ahead.

STRETCHING MATERIAL SCIENCE IN DUREX

Since becoming Europe's frst
manufacturer of latex condoms in
1932, Durex has evolved to meet
‘consumer needs through key
moments of innovation.

As the global condom market
leader, with particular strength in
Asia and Europe, Durex continues
to reinforce its position with
breakthrough innovations and @
‘commitment to delivering
premium products.

In 2020, Durex launched 001 in China,
a next-generation polyurethane
‘condom which is the thinnest in the
Durex family, designed to provide

‘a more natural feeling. This was
followed by the 003, offering even
greater softness and comfort. This
innovation stemmed from deep
research within our Polymer

Science platform,

In 2022, Durex made another
high-impact launch with Durex
Fetherlite HA, a thin latex condom
featuring a water-based lubricant
infused with hyaluronic acid for
unique sensation. Developed in
under a year, this product gained 2
leading share of the KA condom
segment within its first 12 months.
Building on this success, we are
launching a hyaluronic acid range
with three products across Basic,
Fetherlte and Air, to secure our
leadership in this segment.

By consistently innovating premium,
Gifferentiated products for key
markets like China, we continue to
strengthen the category leadership
Durex enjoys.

Link to strategy
Product superiority
Win in market

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
eaegerepot ovemance raancat statements uxternermaton

Rockit Annual Report and Accounts 202430

Essential Home

ESSENTIAL
HOME

Essential Home is a global, scaled
business of trusted brands on a
mission to transform people's living
spaces into places they can call
Home: somewhere to connect with
family, friends and themselves, a
place where they feel protected and
are proud of.

This portfolio of market-leading brands plays
in growing and resiient categories such as

Air Care, Laundry, Surface Care and Pest,

with substantial potential for continued

future growth,

At the core of the portfolios Air Wick, the
umber one air care brand in Europe, Australia
and New Zealand combined, and global
rhumber one in plug-in scented oils and mist
diffusers, which has been upifting homes with
fragrances for more than 80 years

#1

uurope and Woolite: US fine

ANZ Ai Care fabric detergent
Calgon: European, Cillit Bang: European

water softener

#]

SBP: Brazilian pest
brand

power cleaner

Claims based on information aggregated in pat fom data
Spe by Nelven throughs etal Measurement Sees
Sed’ poet rom eata np from ots suppers 9 each
ase forthe relevant category geograpne focus Sod based
‘onFv24 (based on bande players on)

\ostege ean covemance  nnanca statements

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-SBAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt AnnualReport and Accounts 2028 3

Essential Home continued

Alongside Air Wick is a group of strong brands
with market-leading positions and deep brand
‘equities. These include Calgon, the number
‘one water softener in Europe providing over 90
years of protection against limescale and dirt in
‘washing machines; SBP, the number one insect
protection brand in Brazil with over SO years of
heritage; Woolite, the number one fine fabric
wash laundry detergent in the US that has been
protecting clothes for more than 70 years; Clit
Bang, the number four power cleaner in Europe:
known for its powerful range of cleaning
products; and Resolve, the leading carpet

‘spot and stain removal brand in the US.

Essential Home enjoys a scaled market
presence across North America, Europe,
Australia and New Zealand, and Latin America
This is supported by long-term partnerships
with major retailers and an end-to-end
‘multi-region supply chain infrastructure.

As with core Reckitt, sustainability is a key
aspect of Essential Home's product and supply
strategy, with the business deeply committed,
t0 optimising resource usage and reducing
‘environmental impact.

Essential Home's brand portfolio enjoys gross
‘margins that rank amongst the industry's
highest. Air Wick has been a key driver of
(growth, benefiting from a strong innovation
pipeline, including the 2023 launches of 24/7

‘Active Fresh, ot frst aerosol-ree auto spray,
‘ir Wick’s Vibrant fragrance range and
advanced plug-in device and the latest
generation of Essential Mist diffusers

(Gee adjacent case stud}).

Essential Home benefits from 2 dedicated R&D
team with a track record of delivering
transformative, superior solutions and applying
innovation synergies across the portfolio.

In the laundry and surface care categories,
future growth potential les in leveraging strong
brands such as Woolite and Calgon to increase
‘market penetration, and expanding leading
Cleaning brands such as Cilit Bang and Easy-Off
into new categories through premiumised
products. Essential Home's pest brands are set
to grow further, benefiting from extemal trends
such as climate change, and building on their
strong position in key markets,

Essential Home is a stable business with a
resilient portfolio of strong brands with a great
future. Following a strategic assessment of our
brand portfolio, we announced in July 2024
that we see stronger growth synergies across
the Powerbrands we identified in core Reckitt.
‘As a consequence, we are now assessing
‘market opportunities for Essential Home and
expect we will achieve an exit for this business
by the end of 2025,

AIR WICK: CONTINUING TO BRING THE OUTSIDE INSIDE

Air Wick has continued to convert its strong
innovation pipeline into transformative,
superior solutions that fulfil consumers’
desires to elevate their ving spaces and turn
their homes into sanctuaries.

The Air Wick Vibrant range of scented oil
fragrances, launched in January 2023, was the
biggest liquid electricals launch in the US of
the past five years. With twice the essential
cil content of regular scented oils, our
fragrances offer a premium experience,
bringing speciality store quality to mass retail
‘and attracting new shoppers to the brand.
Since launch, the range continues to generate
double-digit growth.

To complete the multi-sensorial experience,
we launched the latest generation of our

Air Wick Essential Mist Diffuser in a segment
we pioneered back in 2018, which stil has
significant opportunity for penetration
(growth, This new diffuser, coupled with
Vibrant fragrances offer consumers an
unparalleled fragrance experience,

Our cordless diffuser features two new
settings: a gentle light that glows while @
fragrant mist is released, instantly enhancing
the ambience in homes, and an additional
‘maximum intensity setting for more
noticeable fragrance. It is the first Reckitt
device to incorporate PCR content within its
plastic housing,

‘ic Wick is reinventing the auto-spray segment
with 24/7 Active Fresh the first-ever aerosol-
fee auto-spray, launched in Europe in 2023.
Free from phthalates, propellants and dyes,
and packaged in a 50% PCR bottle, this
product appeals to consumers who prefer
‘non-aerosol With up to 70 days of freshness,
it provides a more natural way of
continuously neutralising odours. The success
of the launch continues and it has been
awarded the Product of the Year in multiple
European markets, 2s voted by consumers.

Air Wick's ongoing ability to translate
innovation into superior solutions that
delight consumers solidifies its global
leadership in plug-in scented oils and mist
diffusers, while attracting new users and
increasing market penetration.

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C4B-406E-SBAC-£642367C9C84

Senoge reper bovemance hearer statements Une mfeematon

Reckit AnnualReport and Accounts 202432

Mead Johnson Nutrition

MEAD JOHNSON
NUTRITION

Mead Johnson Nutrition provides the
highest-quality, clinically based infant
and toddler nutrition through a
market-leading portfolio of brands
around the world.

Mead Johnson's portfolio includes Enfamil the
leading global infant formula brand and the most
recommended by paediatricians in our core
‘markets, as well as Nutramigen, the number one
brand for managing cow's milk alergy worldwide,
supported by over 75 years of evidence. Parents
place their trust in our brands, underpinned by
the confidence that medical professionals have
in our products. This confidence is rooted in our
unwavering commitment to a clinical, science-
‘based approach to innovation

The infant formula category is evolving to meet
the increasingly specialised needs of infants.
(Our response to this is the development of our
allergy and digestion segments, which present
{growth opportunities even as global birth rates
decline. Mead Johnson maintains a leading
‘market share in these segments by offering
ifferentiated products.

#1 o#fl

Enfamil: infant Nutramigen: global
formula brand for managing cow's
recommended by milk allergy

US paediatricians

Cons based on information aggregated in part from data
‘upped by Nitven tough ts Retat Measurement Services
‘nda prt rom sata input rom other suppers, a eoch
ase fr the relevant category. geographic focus anc based
‘on 2a (based on randea pyers ony)

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
‘enoge apo woverance.  rnsnea statements Uiner tormaton|

Reckitt Annual Repor and Accounts 202433

Mead Johnson Nutrition continued

In the higher-growth digestion segment,
we successfully launched Enfamil NeuroPro
Gentlease Powder in 2024 to soothe stomach
problems with patented prebiotics. itis the
only formula with proven 24-hour relief, easing
all five signs of digestive discomfort, while
providing long-lasting brain-building benefits

We continue to expand our market access and
penetration with new format releases and
international rol-outs. In 2024, this included

a successful launch of Enfamil NeuroPro.

(see adjacent case study) in Canada.

Given the crucial role healthcare professionals,
(HCPS) play in educating parents on child
rutrtion and recommending solutions, building
and deepening relationships with them is vital
In 2024, we focused on further nurturing these
relationships through the relaunch of the

Mead Johnson Nutrition Institute, a platform
dedicated to HCP education. The platform
serves as a one-stop destination for the latest
innutrition science, education and events,
providing credible, easy-to-read resources.

By the end of 2024, we engaged healthcare
professionals in more than 25 countries through
nutrition science and education initiatives.

Following our team's remarkable efforts
in addressing the infant formula supply
shortages in the US in 2022, they once again
demonstrated exceptional dedication in the
aftermath of a tornado in Mount Vernon, indiana
in July 2024, Thankfully all our employees

were safe despite significant damage to our
third-party warehouse, which stored 2 mix of
raw materials and finished products. Thanks
toa global, coordinated effort, we were able

to continue production and limit the extent of
retail stock shortages during this period. We are
deeply grateful for the hard work of our team
during this challenging time.

To further build resilience in our supply chain,
Mead Johnson is starting a programme of capital
investments that will strengthen our operations
‘and allow the business to stay ahead in a
‘dynamic environment. Mead Johnson is a great
business, but itis now considered non-core. AS
‘we focus on our Health ang Hygiene
Powerbrands, we will consider all strategic
‘options to maximise its value for shareholders

ENFAMIL: A SPECIALISED, SCIENCE-LED PORTFOLIO

Enfamil focuses innovation around
ingredients with clinically proven outcomes.

Enfamil NeuroPro and MindPro are the only
infant formulas in the market that contain
‘two essential elements found in human
breast milk: mik fat globule membrane
(MFGM), which plays a vital role in brain
development, and human milk
oligosaccharides that support

the immune system.

‘Supplementing with MFGM in infancy is
linked to enhanced cognitive, motor and
language development at 12-18 months, as
well as a 5.2-point IQ advantage at five-and-
achalf years of age.

Since launching in key markets across Asia,
North America and South America, Enfamil
hhas captured a 32% market share of the
premium global infant and toddler

formula category.

Enfamilis also targeting the higher-growth
digestion segment of the infant formula
category by enhancing the NeuroPro formula
with a patented prebiotic fibre blend. Enfamil
NeuroPro Gentlease Powder helps soothe

tummy troubles within 24 hours and is
Clinically shown to support softer and more
frequent stools. The Stage 1 Powder was

successfully launched in the US during 2024

Specialised products are another higher
growth segment that Enfamil has entered
with the launch of an innovative,
premiumised product designed specifically
for babies born via C-section, Enfamil At
Nurapro C-Biome. C-section babies are at
Greater risk of neuro, immune and gut health
issues and this formula is the first to feature
2 unique C-Biome blend to boost
microbiome diversity and immune response.

The formula was launched in ASEAN during
2023-2024, receiving a positive reception in
Thailand and the Philippines, with Malaysia,

Vietnam and Singapore launching over 2025.

Through these innovations, Enfamil continues
to demonstrate its market leadership in ~
premium products backed by scientific
research, and continues to build the trust

of medical professionals and parents.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-SBAC-£642367C9C84
‘Yeatege reper wovemance  nnaneis statements

Reckit AnnualReport and Accounts 200434

Fuel for Growth

RIGHT-SIZING OUR
OPERATING COSTS

Fr20ze
Worn progress
Fixed
costs 0,
base 3/0
of net revenue
Workin progress

=" £161mn

one-off cash costs

ur transition to a sharper, simpler organisation brings
with it valuable opportunities to right-size our operating
costs. These have been brought together in a cost
optimisation programme we call ‘Fuel for Growth’

Set out in our July 2024 Strategy Update, Fuel for Growth
targets 2 reduction in our corporate fixed costs to circa 19% of net
revenue as we exit 2027, a eduction of at least 300bps, from circa
22% in 2023. We airn to achieve this through our simpler operating
model, the right-sizing of historical invest ments, leveraging
‘automation and greater adoption of shared services, and harnessing
the productivity benefits of our digital capabilities and generative Al
Fuel for Growth is already delivering cost benefits. By streamlining
corporate functions and simplifying our operating model, we were able
to eliminate corporate overhead in 2024, which helped us to reduce our
fixed costs to 20.9% of net revenue (see page 39 for further details).

End of 2027

Simplification

2024-2025

We see further opportunities for similar cost reductions in the year
ahead, as well as savings from right-sizing existing investment
programmes that have already delivered benefits in areas such as
marketing. Beyond this, we expect to realise the cost benefits of
automation and shared services and the productivity gains from digital
and generative Al as we move towards our end-2027 cost ambition,

‘The transformation of our organisation will incur one-off cash costs
of around £1 billion over the same period. In 2024, these amounted
to £161 million and we expect about £500 milion in 2025, with the
majority of the balance in 2026,

We have excluded these one-off transformation and restructuring
costs from our adjusted results because in aggregate they are
material and affect multiple reporting periods. See pages 223 and
226 for more details.

Fuel for Growth delivering early benefits

Right-size investment
2024-2025

0.19%

of net revenue
vs. 218% in 2023,

Fibn

estimated one-off
ccash cestucturing and
‘ransformation costs

Simplify our organisation for
scale opportunities

+ Streamlined functional structure

+ Removal of semi-autonomous GBUs
+ Reduction in management layers

+ More unified go-to-market approach

Automation &

shared services

2025-2027

Reduce cost and improve efficiency

+ Implement end-to-end holistic
Global Business Services strategy

+ Expand finance and supply shared
services footprint

Right-sizing and embedded global

‘capability teams in markets

+ E-commerce capabilities embedded
in market

+ Created omnichanne! marketing and
sales force

+ Professional ine integrated
into markets

Digital & generative Al
2025-2027

New opportunities for effectiveness

and efficiency

+ Matketing function deployed use cases
+ R&D next frontier

+ SAP implementation

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-E64236709C84 |

‘Yeatege repo. awernance nnancat statements

Rechte Anol Report and Accounts 202435,

Capital Allocation

OUR CAPITAL ALLOCATION PRIORITIES

Our growth model generates attractive cash
returns, which we use to reinvest in our brands and
enhance returns for our shareholders. Our capital
allocation priorities govern these decisions and ensure
our brands are well invested, our balance sheet remains
strong and our shareholder returns are competitive.

Investing in organic growth is our top priority. Allocating capital
against brands that offer the best long-term opportunity for
growth and value creation is vital for our future success.

(ur business model is highly cash generative and we maintain
a strong balance sheet, with a leverage ratio of around 2.0x
EBITDA consistent with our single A credit rating

We are committed to returning excess capital to shareholders,
We achieve this through our progressive dividend policy and our
share buyback programme, which we reintroduced in October,
2023 with a commitment to buy back £1 billion of our shares
over a 12-month period.

We completed the £1 billion buyback in ten months and
announced a follow-on programme of the same size in

July 2024. This remains ongoing and as at 27 February 2025
we had purchased shares to a value of £154 milion under this,
second programme. The total value of shares repurchased
during 2024 was £1.3 billion,

‘Our full-year dividend for 2024 was set at 202.1 pence, which
represents a 5% increase versus 2023.

Through our dividend and share buyback, we retuned £2.7 billion
in cash to shareholders in 2024, a 75% increase versus 2023,

It remains our ambition to continue our share buyback
programme as a key feature of the returns we offer to
shareholders, subject to fulfiling the other governing
principles that guide our capital choices.

Invest in organic growth
+ Our priority remains to invest in
‘organic growth, funded through
‘our earnings model

+ Our three principles for long-term
value creation govern our organic and
inorganic capital allocation choices

+ This discipline enables us to dedicate
capital against the brands that offer
the best long-term opportunity for
‘growth and value creation

Return cash to shareholders.

+ We are committed to returning
surplus cash to our shareholders
through our dividend and share
buyback programme

+ We expect this programme to
continue, consistent with our capital
allocation principles

£2.7bn

returned to shareholders in 2024,
275% increase versus 2023

Strong free cash conversion

+ We continue to prioritise free
cash flow conversion and are
Confident this will remain strong

Creating value
for shareholders

Manage the portfolio

for value creation
‘We manage our brand portfolio
actively to ensure each brand
‘earns its place based on its
‘growth potential and
earnings model

Sustainable dividend growth
+ We continue to pay a
progressive dividend

+ Our-dividend policy aims to
deliver sustainable dividend growth
in future years

+ Our 2024 dividend was increased
bby S% in line with this objective

+5%

increase in dividend

Target single A credit rating
+ We continue to target a single

A credit rating with balance sheet
leverage of around 2x EBITDA

Sumegerepot overance

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

Reckitt Annu Report and Aecounts 202836

Total Shareholder Returns

ENHANCING RETURNS T0 SHAREHOLDERS

Our business is owned by our
shareholders, whose expectations we
work hard to match and exceed. It is.
rooted in an earnings model that aims
to deliver best-in-class growth and
shareholder returns.

The total return we offer our shareholders
is fundamental to the way we manage our
business and share its financial benefits
Since October 2023, this includes our share
buyback programme

We have an excellent portfalio of market-
leading brands operating in categories with
long-term runways for growth. Our target

is to deliver sustainable mid-single-digit net
revenue growth, ahead of the medium-term
growth of our categories.

We have an enduring framework for sustained value creation

4% 105%
NET REVENUE
GROWTH

‘We target sustainable top-line
growth of between 4% and
5% for core Reckitt over the

medium term

GROW AOP
AHEAD OF NET
REVENUE

We target adjusted operating
profit (AQP) growth ahead of
revenue growth over the
medium term

A strong earnings model

Our business delivers high gross margins, which
reflect the quality of both the categories in
which we operate and the premiumisation we
bring to each. Investing in innovation, consumer
education and omnichannel marketing is key to
ensuring our brands resonate with customers
and consumers.

Operating leverage from top-line growth at
structurally high gross margins and optimising
Costs through our Fuel for Growth programme
underpin our ability to deliver operating profit
ahead of net revenue growth.

SUSTAINABLE
DIVIDEND GROWTH

We have a progressive
dividend policy

(5% increase in 2024),

‘We will continue to prioritise strong free cash
conversion and are committed to returning
cash to shareholders through our progressive
dividend policy and share buyback programme.

SHARE
BUYBACK

New £1 billion share buyback
programme launched in
October 2023 (completed)
Second £1 billion underway
since July 2024

Committed to returning
cash to shareholders

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Sinope report woverance range! statements‘ Utner mermaven

Reckitt Anal Repor and Accounts 2024 37

Key Performance Indicators

MEASURING
PERFORMANCE

Reckitt's key
performance indicators
(KPIs) include measures
for assessing financial
and non-financial
performance.

Variable pay across the Group
is aligned to these KPIs. Central
to our remuneration philosophy
are the principles of pay

for performance, as well as,
strategic alignment. Combined
with our Compass and
Leadership Behaviours,

these principles define how
decisions are made, how
people act and how they are
assessed and rewarded.

The KPIs shown here directly
impact the remuneration
‘awarded to Executive Directors.

See page 18 for more
information in our
Remuneration Report

See pages 223-224 for details
of aur definitions and terms
‘nour APMs

Like-for-like net revenue growth’

2028
2023
2022
2021
2020

Why we measure

14%
35%
716%
35%
na%

To ensure that our

strategy is delivering organic revenue
‘growth. The mix and strength of products
{and brands enables us o target
imid-single-digit growth over time.

Performance narrative: Geoupnet
‘revenue of £14369 millon grew by 14% on
LFL bassin the year, reflecting priejmix
lenprovements of 20% and a vole decine
(0 0.6%, Our Hygiene brands grew 4.2%, our
Health bands grew 27% and Nutiion
ecined 7.3%.

Return on capital employed
(Rocey"

2028
2023
2022
2021
2020

SK
ase
Bm
103%
101%

Why we measure: To ensure disciplined
capital management.

Performance narrative: ROCE in 2024
‘was 135% (2023: 12.5%), an increase of
100 bps from 2023, ue to a higher Net
Operating Profit After Tax

‘Adjusted operating profit growth
at constant exchange rates"?

2024 186%
2023 409%
2022 19.2%
2021 -2.6%

2020 107%

‘Why we measureit: To ensure that we
ate converting revenue growth into profit
‘We anticipate growing operating profit
faster than revenue growth.
Performance narrative: Adjusted
‘operating profit grew more than net
revenue in 2024, driven mainly by gross
‘margin expansion along with 2 decline

in fixes costs,

Net revenue from more
sustainable products"?

2024 349%
2023 296%
2022 284%
2021 249%
2020 304%

Why we measureit: To drive product
innovation that supports delivery of our
Sustainability Ambitions and the
evelopment of more sustainable
Products witha lower environmental
footprint, as measured by our Sustainable
Innovation Calculator.

formance narrative: Net revenve
from more sustainable products now
accounts for over a third of total revenues
(4.9% in 2024 vs 296% in 2023) which
feflects our ongoing efforts and
impcovements in product packaging,
ingredients and carbon footprint.

Adjusted diluted earnings
per share’

2024 34909
2023 3234p
2022 34179
2021 2885p
2020. 3270p

Why we measure it: To monitor
profitability and to provide a comparable
net profit per share attributable to owners
Performance narrative: Total adjusted
diluted EPS was 3480p in 2024 (2023:
323.40), arise of 179%, supported by

2 lower share count from our ongoing
share buyback, and a lower effective

tax ate of 222% (2023: 25.2%), offset

by higher net interest cost and adverse
foreign exchange,

Reduction in Greenhouse Gas
(GHG) emissions in our operations*

2024 -69%"
2023 -47%
2022 -66%
2021 -66%
2000 -39%

Why we measure it To support our net
2e10 ambition and reduce absolute Scope
‘Land 2 GHG emissions from our own
operations.

Performance narrative: Through our
‘ongoing focus on optimising high energy
‘manufacturing processes and our use

of renewable energy, we continued

to surpass our science-based target
‘reduction of 65% by 2030, achieving
12.69% reduction in 2024,

Free cash flow conversion’

2024
2023
2022
2021
2020

om,
om
33%
om

1%

‘Why we measure it: To maintain the
elvery of strong free cash flow
‘conversion over time,

Performance narrative: Free cash flow
‘of £2,232 milion decreased by £26 milion
or %. Free cash flow conversion reduced
by six percentage points to 91% as the
benefit of reduction in tax paid was more
than offset by cash outflow relating to
group strategic announcements, higher
interest paid and cash outflow from
increased working capital commitments,

1 See detats on ow alternative performance
measures on pages 223-227

2 Yons after ars ineloing 2021 exch FCN
China (sposed September 2021)

2 Figures price to 202 exciode ou Nutition
Dutiess unt

4 Sie 2018

1 Data was subject independent ited
assurance by ERM CVS n accordance
‘with SKE 3000 (Revised) and SAE 340
Preasa se ERM CVS ful apsrance report

foemore det

K.comrepartings nb


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
‘weatege report wowernance

‘ins sateen ins nrormavon Reckitt Annl Report and Accounts 202438
Sustainability Performance Dashboard
PROGRESS AGAINST OUR SUSTAINABILITY AMBITIONS
This dashboard summarises our performance across key metrics. A full performance breakdown can be found in
our Sustainability Report and ESG Data Book, available online at www..reckitt.com/reporting-hub.
OUR STRATEGY
Our Purpose Our Compass

To protect, heal and nurture in the pursuit of a cleaner, healthier world

MORE SUSTAINABLE BRANDS
50% —

reduction in virgin plastic °
packaging by 2030" baad
25%
0 ° Teget
recycled content in our “oe on
ss

plastic packaging by 2025

Implementing programmes of positive impact through our brands and

Read more on page 45

+ ERMCVS provides independent imted assurance over selected sustinabity diclosures. The asturance report. tong with the
‘encpls and methodologies we use ou reporting canbe found onine at ww vecktt comenorig:

1 Recueton tages fr GHG emissions ace om a 2015 baseline

2 Reduction taget for pati om 3 2020 baretine. Al packaging da relates to 202, which ie diven bythe Elen MacArthur

Foundation reporting tmesnes 2024 data wil be salable nm. 2025,

Do the right thing. Always

HEALTHIER PLANET FAIRER SOCIETY

Net zero

actoss our value chain by 2040?

Inclusive

An inclusive culture where everybody is tweated fairy and equaly

65%

Diverse

reduction in GHG emissions "OS'*** Tope Our teams represent the diverse places where we work and the
100% 50/50
‘0
renewable electricity Progress Target Gender balanced management
by 2030 96% at all levels by 2030" av% Male 51% Female
Water- 30 million
iti Progress Tage people positively impacted by progress Target

Read more on page 46

x

people engaged through our
urpose-led partnerships,

programmes and campaigns
(cumulative since 2020) 2360

Progress Taget

1. Reckit's net zero taget means we am to negate the amount of Greenhouse Gas emislons across our value chin, including
Scopes 1 3134.31 (Gnect oy) and 312 by 2040, nekides ow nea-teimscince-besee emssions reduction trget er

030 (se page 48) Further deals provided now 2024 Sstanalty Repart

4 Data as of 31 December 202 or active Recit employees (exclucng contractor) Al management includes Executive
Cemvmitee member, Gov leadership team, senior management team, male manager, manager

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECS5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

eawegerepot ovemance

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2004 39

Financial Performance

GROWING EARNINGS AND DELIVERING
STRONG CASH RETURNS TO SHAREHOLDERS

Shannon Eisenhardt
Chief Financial Officer

Net revenus

£14.2bn

2023: £14.66

Group financial performance

In 2024, Group net revenue grew by #.4% on a ike-for-tke (LFL)
basis to £14,169m, reflecting price/mix improvements of +2.0%
and a volume decline of -0.6%. Our Hygiene business delivered
broad-based growth of +4.2% despite a competitive market
environment, with improving volume trends supported by

the strong performance of our innovation platforms, including
Lysol Air Sanitizer and Finish Uimate Plus Allin 1

Health net revenue grew by +21%, with broad-based growth in our
Dettol, Durex, Nurofen, Gaviscon and VMS portfolios partially offset
bby weakness in our seasonal OTC brands (together around 10% of
Group net revenue) due to weak cold and fi trends at the start
‘and end of 2024. Nutrition declined by -7.3% as the US lapped the
prior year competitor supply issue and experienced short-term
<istuptions to supply following the Mount Vernon tornado in July

Total Group net revenue on an IFRS basis was down by -3.0%,
reflecting foreign exchange headwinds of -4.1% and net M&A
impact of -0.3%.

The year saw improving market share trends, with 48% of our
Top Category Market Units (CMUs) holding or gaining share on a
net revenue-weighted basis, with 55% in Health (2023: 46%), 55%
in Hygiene (2023: 47%) and 15% (2023: 37%) in Nutrition.

The Group's gross margin was 60.7%, an increase of +70bps versus
2023, driven by pricing and productivity efficiencies against a
‘more benign environment for cost input inflation. Brand equity
investment (BEI) increased by +31% (+£59m) on a constant FX basis
{a8 we strengthened investment behind innovation launches to

Adjusted operating profit! Free cash flow!
2023: £3.4bn 2023: £2.3bn

1. Adjusted and other non-GAAP messues definitions and terms are defined on page 222

‘support the long-term growth of our brands. As a percentage
of net revenue, BEI was 13.4%, up +30bps year-on-year.

Group adjusted operating profit for the year was £3,475m (2023:
£3.373m) at an adjusted operating margin of 24.5% (2023: 23.1%),
140bps higher than the prior year reflecting early delivery of cost
efficiencies from our Fuel for Growth programme, as well as
+300ps of one-off items driven by the benefit of insurance
proceeds relating to the Mount Vernon tornado in July. Fixed costs
declined by -90bps to 209% of net revenue, versus 21.8% in 2023.

(On an IFRS basis, operating profit was £2,425m (2023: £2,531m) at an
‘operating profit margin of 17.1% (2023: 17.3%). This was impacted by
anintangible assets impairment charge of £838 million (2023: £810m)
relating to our Infant Formula (IFCN) business and to Biofreeze. This
reflects a significant capital investment programme that has,
‘commenced to meet regulatory requirements and to build greater
resiience in the wider supply network for IFCN, and a more
challenging marketplace for Biofreeze in topical pain rele.
Following the announcement we made in our July 2024 Strategy
Update, the Group incurred £167m of one-off costs (of which
£i6im are one-off cash costs) in relation to transformation and
restructuring, which are excluded from adjusted earnings.

Total adjusted diluted earnings per share was 3490p in 2024 (2023:
3234p), a rise of 79%, supported by a lower share count from our
‘ongoing share buyback and a lower effective tax rate of 22.2%
(2023: 25.2%), offset by higher net interest cost and adverse
foreign exchange. Total IFRS diluted EPS was 203.2p (2022: 228 7p)
ur full year dividend increased by 5% to 202.1p (2023: 192.5p)
peer share, inline with our policy to deliver sustainable growth
through a progressive dividend. The final proposed dividend
was 121.7p (2023: TI5.9p) per share.

Free cash flow was £2,232m in 2024 (2023: £2,2S8m) a -12% decrease
year on year. We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet with net
debt at 20x adjusted EBITDA (2023: 19x adjusted EBITDA).

‘Shannon Eisenhardt
Chief Financial Officer

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

isugirlepon | ovemance rene statements wine nfoematon Reckitt Anns Repor and Accounts 202440
Financial Performance continued
FY 2024 Net Revenue Adjusted Operating Profit Adjusted Operating
Profit Margin

HYGIENE
43%

of Group revenue

£6140m  £1,375m

22.4%

Volume 18% — Constant FX (CER) 165% Actual 4230bps
Price/Mix 32.4% Actual 12%

i 34.2%

Net MA =

&

‘Actual

Hygiene net revenue grew +4.2% in 2024
(on a like-for-like (LFL) basis to £6,140m.
Growth was balanced with +2.4% price/mix
improvements and +1.8% volume growth,

Net revenue growth was broad-based across
all Powerbrands and regions.

55% of our Hygiene Top CMUs (weighted
by net revenue) gained or held share during
the year. Successful innovation launches
and strengthened marketing were positive
growth drivers, offset by a more competi
‘environment in the US, particularly in Auto
Dish and air Care

Finish LFL net revenue grew mid-single-digits,
with strong growth across our thermoformed
formats driving further premiymisation in the
auto dish category as consumers continue

to trade up to more superior solutions. Finish
thermoformed tablets now account for 75%
of our tablet net revenue.

Lysol delivered high single-digit LFL net
‘evenue growth in the year, led by strong high
single-digit growth in all surface and bathroom
hygiene cleaners in our established segments.
of disinfection. Our innovation platforms, Lysol
Laundry Sanitizer and Lysol Air Sanitizer,
Continue to drive category growth with
penetration gains and market share growth
Lysol Air Sanitizer demonstrates how our
platform discoveries lead to breakthrough
‘propositions. Since its launch in July 2023, it has
created an entirely new category with the first
‘and only ar sanitising spray approved by the
EPA, which kills 99.9% of airborne viruses

and bacteria,

Harpic delivered mid-single-cigit LFL net
revenue growth in the year, led by India where
‘our 10x Advanced Harpic formulation is
delivering category share gains.

Vanish net revenue grew low single-digits
in the year, led by mid-single-digit growth

and market share gains in key markets across
Europe, building on our premiumisation strategy
enabled through superior performance,
especially in short and quick wash cycles

We saw broad-based growth across our other
Hygiene brands, including Air Wick and Mortein,

Adjusted operating profit for Hygiene was
£1,375m, up +65% on a constant FX basis and
411.2% on an actual basis. Hygiene’s adjusted
operating profit margin was 22.4%, up +230bps
riven by strong gross margin expansion,
effective targeted brand building and
marketing investment, supported by further
improvements in our fixed cost base enabled
by a strong productivity programme.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECS1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

unegetepon | wovemance "rane statements” oxhe moematon Reckitt Anno! Report and Accounts 2241
Financial Performance continued

FY 2024 Net Revenue Adjusted Operating Profit Adjusted Operating

Profit Margin

£5,882m £1699m 28.9%

Volume Constant FX (CER) 365% Actual 00bps

Price/Mix Actual 705%

iL

Nera
x
‘Actual

HEALTH
42%

of Group revenue

Health net revenue grew #2.% on a LFL basis
to £5,882m, reflecting price/mix improvements,
of #2.4% and a volume decline of -0.3%
Excluding our seasonal OTC brands, Health net,
revenue grew 5.3% in the full year, with
volumes positive at +2.5%

35% of our Health Top CMUs (weighted by net
revenue) gained or held share during the year,
driven by market share gains across our Intimate
Wellness and non-seasonal OTC portfolios.

Our intimate Wellness portfolio, led by Durex,
delivered high single-digit growth in the year,
with double-digit growth across Developing
Markets, and high single-digit growth across
Europe. We are seeing strong market share
gains across these geographies with higher
fates of adoption being driven by improved
in-store execution, distribution gains and
recent innovation launches.

Intimate Wellness net revenue growth in China,
‘our largest market for Durex, grew mid-teens,
helped by the continued success of innovation

platforms such as polyurethane condoms
{and hyaluronic acid condoms, which have seen
a strong response from consumers, as well

as our Intima feminine hygiene brand, which
has seen strong growth, especially across

‘ur oniine channels

(Our non-seasonal OTC brands net revenue
grew mid-single digits in the year. Investment

- in expanding supply capacity enabled us to

‘meet strong consumer demand, with Gaviscon
achieving double-digit growth and improved
pack fill rates, and strong growth in Nurofen
‘across multiple European markets supported
by the roll-out of Nurofen Liquid Capsules in
Italy, as well as a promising early response

to the launch of Nurofen sustained release
with 12-hour pain relief in Romania,

Net revenue of our seasonal OTC brands, Mucinex
‘and Strepsils, declined high single digits,
impacted by tough prior year comparatives in Ql,
‘a weak end to the cold and flu season in the first
half of the year and a delayed onset of the US

‘season in the second half. Notwithstanding this
backdrop, the equity of these brands remains
strong and is supported by ongoing innovation,
including the successful September 2024 launch
of Mucinex Mighty Chews, the frst over-the-
counter medicated children's soft chew for
cough relief

Dettol net revenue grew low single digits in
the year, with strong volume growth partially
offset by the competitive pricing actions taken
in certain ASEAN markets. China delivered
strong double-digit growth led by innovation
across a number of platforms.

Adjusted operating profit for Health of £1,699m.
‘was up +6.5% on a constant FX basis and +0.5%
‘on an actual basis. Health's adjusted operating
margin was 28.9%, an increase of *100bps, with
{gr0ss margin expansion and fixed cost
‘optimisation more than offsetting increased
investment behind our brands.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Winegielepen | wovemance rarer stotemens Urner roman Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 202442
Financial Performance continued
FY 2024 Net Revenue ‘Adjusted Operating Profit Adjusted Operating
Profit Margin
£2147m £401m 18.7%
Volume: “75% — Constant FX (CER) “54% Actual +20bps
Price/Mix 0.2% Actual 703%
if “73%
Net M&A =
x
Act

NUTRITION
15%

of Group revenue

Nutrition net revenue declined by -7.3% on a
LEL basis in 2024 to £2,147m, with a price/mix
Contribution of -0.2% and a volume deciine

Of -71%, This was driven by a combination of
the Mount Vernon tornado, which impacted
short-term supply to customers in the second
half of the year, and our market shares rebasing
from historical highs reached in the prior year
during the competitor supply issue.

Developing Markets remained broadly fat for
the full year, reflecting category-led volume
growth deciines that were partially offset

by growth in premium products in ASEAN.

18% of Nutrtion’s Top CMUs (weighted by net
fevenue) gained or held share during the year
This result was impacted by our market shares
rebasing in the US following the competitor
supply issue, and the impact of the Mount
Vernon tornado, which resulted in us being
‘out of stock in certain SKUs in some of our
more specialised formulations,

Adjusted operating profit for Nutrition at
£401m in 2024 was down -5.4% on a constant
FX basis and -10.3% on an actual basis.
Nutrition’s adjusted operating margin

was 18.7%, up +20bps, as reduced gross margin
was offset by the effect of the insurance
proceeds following the Mount Vernon tornado.

We continue to expand our market access
and penetration with new format releases

{and international rollouts. In the higher-growth
digestion segment, we successfully launched
Enfamil NeuroPro Gentlease Powder in G2
2024, which soothes stomach problems

with patented prebiotics,

‘sestepe reper’ Governance

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642967C9C84

Rechte Annual Report and Accounts 202443

Financial Performance continued

‘The following section should be read in
Conjunction with the full-year financial review
from page 39 and the altemative performance
measures section from page 223

Group operating profit

Adjusted operating profit was £3,475 milion
(2023: £3,373 milion) at an adjusted operating
margin of 24.5%, 140bps higher than the prior
year (2023: 23.1%). This increase was driven by
‘gr0ss margins 7Obps higher than 2023, and
fixed costs 90bps lower than 2023. This was
partially offset by BEI and other marketing
spend increases of 20bps.

IFRS operating profit was £2,425 million (2023
£2531 milion) at an IFRS operating margin of

121% (2023: 173%). IFRS operating profit in 2024
was impacted by an intangible assets
impairment charge of £838 million relating to
IFCN and Biofreeze (2023: £810 milion). The
IFCN impairment of £696 milion (2023: £810
rmllion) reflects changes in the regulatory
environment resulting in increased capital
requirements as well as to build greater
resilience in the wider supply network (see
note 9). During 2024, Biofreeze performed
below expectations following competitive
pressure from both private label and branded
Competitors, new entrants to the market and a
reduction in the level of displays present in the
Category which has resulted in an impairment
Of £142 milion (2023: £0 milion), (see note 9)

IERS operating profit was also affected by
restructuring and other project costs of £167
million linked to the group strategic
announcements in 2024. This principally
includes professional advisor fees and
severance costs relating to business
transformation and portfolio changes.

Net finance expense

‘Adjusted net finance expense was £323 milion
(2023: £247 milion). The increase in adjusted net
finance expense in 2024 was primarily driven by
increased interest payable on borrowings due to
the cost of debt issued in the period.

IFRS net finance expense was £321 million
(2023: £130 milion). The net finance expense
Under IFRS is higher in 2024 due to a £130
milion credit in 2023 relating to translational
foreign exchange gains arising upon liquidation
of a number of subsidiaries.

Tax

The adjusted effective tax rate (ETR) was
22.2% (2023: 25.2%). The 2024 ETR benefited
from a change in estimate of uncertain

tax positions,

The IFRS tax rate was 319% (2023: 31.4%)

The IFRS ETR in 2024 is higher than the adjusted
ETR due to the non-deductible impairment

of intangible assets, and the non-deductible
Costs linked to the group strategic
announcements in 2024. The IFRS ETR in 2023
is higher than the adjusted ETR due to the
‘non-deductible impairment of IFCN goodwill
offset by the benefit from largely non-taxable
gains on liquidation of subsidiaries.

Earnings per share (EPS)

‘Adjusted diluted EPS was 3490 pence

(2023: 323.4 pence), an increase of 79%.

The increase was due to higher adjusted
operating profit at constant exchange rates
‘and the beneficial effect of the ongoing share
buyback programme, partly offset by the
impact of foreign exchange.

ARS diluted EPS was 203.2 pence

(2023: 228.7 pence), a decrease of 1.1%

The decrease was driven by a lower operating
profit and higher net finance expense, which
more than offset the benefit of a lower diluted
number of shares

Balance sheet
At 31 December 2024, the Group had total
equity of £6,720 millon (31 December 2023:
£8,469 milion).

Current assets of £4,598 milion (31 December
2023: £5,302 millon) decreased by £704 milion,
Cash and cash equivalents reduced by £507m,
which includes an increase in share repurchases

inthe year. inventories and corporation tax
receivables also reduced in the year.

Current liabilities of £7,943 million (31 December
2023: £8,338 millon) decreased by £395 milion.
‘The decrease principally relates to lower
borrowings and lower trade and other
payables, together with lower current tax
liabilities. These decreases were offset by

the share repurchase liability in relation to
‘committed purchases under the share
buyback programme,

Non-current assets of £20,700 million (31
December 2023: £21,834 million) primarily
‘comprise goodwill and other intangible assets
of £17,565 milion (31 December 2023: £18,588
million) and property, plant and equipment.

The decrease in goodwill and other intangible
assets of £1,023 milion is predominantly

due to impairment of IFCN and Biofreeze
intangible assets.

‘Non-current liabilities of £1,635 million
(31 December 2023: £10,329 million) increased
by £306 milion principally due to financing
activity, offset by a reduction in non-current
tax liabilities

Net working capital

During the year, net working capital decreased
by £77 milion to negative £1,402 milion

(2023: negative £1,479 milion), Net working
capital as a percentage of 12-month net
revenue is -10% (31 December 2023: -10%).

Cash flow
mbec2024 n1Dee2023
fm km
‘Adjusted operating profit, 3,475 3.373
Depreciation, share-based payments and gain on disposal of fixed
assets (net of proceeds) 546 585
Capital expenditure (465) (449)
Movement in working capital and provisions en @
Cash flow in relation to adjusting items oy (5)
Net interest paid (22) (263)
Tax paid (700) (922)
Free cash flow 2232 (2.258
Free cash flow conversion 91% 97%

1 Further detis on ajsting tems canbe found on page 226

Free cash flow (FCF) is the amount of cash
generated from continuing operating activities
after net capital expenditure on property, plant
and equipment and intangible software assets,
Free cash flow reflects cash flows that could
bbe used for payment of dividends, repayment
of debt or to fund acquisitions or other
strategic objectives,

Free cash flow of £2,232 millon decreased by
£26 million or %6, Free cash flow conversion
reduced by six percentage points to 91% as

the benefit of reduction in tax paid was more
than offset by cash outflow relating to group
strategic announcements, higher interest paid
‘and cash outflow from increased working
Capital commitments. Net cash generated from
‘operating activities has increased by £46 milion
10 £2,682 milion (2023: £2,636 milion).

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Weatege reper’ Lovernance

Rechte Anal Report and Accounts 2026 4d

Financial Performance continued

Net debt
mbecz2024 s1ec2023
fm fm
Opening net debt (72290) (7984)
Free cash flow 2232 2258
Share buyback (328) (207)
Purchase of ordinary shares by employee share ownership tust @) @
Shares reissued 3 48
Acquisitions, disposals and purchase of investments ” 0)
Dividends paid to owners of the Parent Company (38 (1339)
Dividends paid to non-controling interests @ ®
New lease liabilities inthe period (70) (4s)
Exchange and other movernents oy 16
Cash flow attributable to discontinued operations o ®
Closing net debt (avy (2.290)

At 31 December 2024, net debt was £7914
milion, an increase of £624 milion from 31
December 2023, as higher capital returns
through dividends (£1,381 milion) and the
‘ongoing share buy-back program (£1,328
million) more than offset continued strong
free cash flow (€2,232 milion). Net debt was
2.0x adjusted EBITDA at 31 December 2024
(31 December 2023: 19x)

The Group regularly reviews its banking
arrangements and currently has adequate
facilities available to it. The Group has
committed borrowing facilities totalling £4,450
million (31 December 2023: £4,500 milion),

Cf which £124 million (2023: Enil) was drawn

‘at year end and of which £3,500 million

(31 December 2023: £4,450 milion) expire
after more than two years. The Group remains
compliant with its banking covenants. The
committed borrowing facilities, together with
cash and cash equivalents, are considered
sufficient to meet the Group's projected

cash requirements,

Dividends

‘The Board of Directors recommends a final
2024 Gividend of 1217 pence (2023: 15.9
pence). The ex-dividend date will be 10 April
2025 and the dividend will be paid on 29 May
2025 to shareholders on the register at the
record date of 1 April 2025, The final 2024
dividend will be accrued once approved

by shareholders.

Return on Capital Employed (ROCE)
ROCE in 2024 was 13.5% (2023: 12.5%), an
increase of 100 bps from 2023, due to a higher
Net Operating Profit after Tax (NOPAT).

Capital returns policy

Reckitt has consistently communicated its
intention to use its strong cash fiow for the
benefit of shareholders. Our priority remains
to reinvest our financial resources back into’
the business, including through value-adding
acquisitions, in order to deliver sustainable
‘growth in net revenue and improving earnings
per share over time.

In managing the balance sheet, we intend to
maintain key financial ratios in line with those
‘expected of an A-grade credit-rated business
This will broadly define acceptable levels of
leverage over time. In 2024, our strong free
cash flow generation and healthy balance
sheet enabled us to return £1.3 billon of cash
to shareholders through share repurchases,

Growing the dividend is a long-term goal of
the business. The Board's dividend policy aims
to deliver sustainable dividend growth in future
years, subject to any significant internal or
external factors. Accordingly, the 2024 dividend
‘was increased by 5% inline with this objective.

Senepe report woverance

Docusign Envelope ID: F54CSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reeklt AnnualReport ana Accounts 202445

Sustainability Performance Review

OUR PURPOSE IS TO PROTECT, HEAL
AND NURTURE IN THE PURSUIT OF
ACLEANER, HEALTHIER WORLD

Everything we do is channelled
towards captivating and delighting
our consumers with more enduring,
relevant products that meet their
everyday needs.

We'aim to create positive impact for people
‘and society while supporting resilience and
‘growth for our business. This approach is
reflected in our Sustainability Ambitions for
2030 and beyond. They are an integral part of
ur strategy and our Purpose to protect, heal
and nurture in the pursuit of a cleaner, healthier
‘world. We focus on three pillars of activity
more sustainable brands, healthier planet and
fairer society, informed by the issues that
matter most to our business and stakeholders.

‘Our commitment to advancing the global
sustainable development agenda

We are signatories to the UN Global Compact
‘and our annual communication on progress
demonstrates our commitment to the UN
Guiding Principles and the Sustainable
Development Goals (S065).

More detail on our approach, including the
‘outcomes of our materiality assessment, is
‘available in our 2024 Sustainability Report

MORE SUSTAINABLE BRANDS

‘Our products are used in millions of households
every day. Our ambition is that every product
innovation we generate is more sustainable
than its predecessor.

Everything counts, from major new product
launches to small incremental changes. We
could be improving an existing product range
by reducing plastic packaging; switching to

a more sustainable, lower-carbon ingredient;
‘exploring new solutions with our suppliers;

‘or we could be developing a completely new
product with a lower environmental footprint.

A.key tool is our Sustainable Innovation
Calculator. This helps us compare the
sustainability of product innovations with
existing benchmarks, We evaluate a product's
raw materials, packaging and environmental
impact to understand if innovations are.

more sustainable.

Beyond product design, we leverage the scale
and reach of our iconic brands to influence
‘consumer behaviour. For example, Finish
promotes water conservation through its
‘ongoing ‘Skip the Rinse’ campaign, Vanish
promotes sustainable fashion through its
‘Clothes live longer’ ethos, Nurofen continues
to raise awareness of the gender pain gap
through its ‘See My Pain’ campaign, and

our Dettol Hygiene Quest schoo!
education programme aims to improve
hygiene behaviours.

Progress
In 2023, we put additional resources in place to
accelerate progress against our product
carbon footprint reduction target and meet our
ost-consumer recycled (PCR) packaging
target. During 2024, we focused on the raw
‘materials used in our products and continued
‘our programmes to reduce the use of certain
chemicals. The impact of these projects has
contributed to an increase in net revenue from
more sustainable products, which now
accounts for over a third of total revenues
(34.9% in 2024 vs 29.6% in 2023)

We've been progressively removing specific
chemicals from our portfolio, targeting those
on our Restricted Substance List, including
fluorosurfactants and certain fragrances, These
have helped achieve a 24% reduction in our
overall chemical footprint versus our 2020
baseline (Carget: 65% reduction by 2030), We
ae reviewing this target in ine with emerging
regulatory developments (more detail in our
Sustainabiity Report)

34.97%

net revenue from more sustainable products
(Target: 50% by 2030)

INNOVATION IN ACTION

(ur near-term focus has been on reducing

plastic and carbon across our portfolio.

Examples include:
Enhanced formulas ike our premium Vanish
Oxi Action Gold Stain Remover powders
which contain an innovative cold wash
Catalyst that helps to remove the toughest
Sains even in 20 minutes and at 20 degrees.
Ithelps consumers save energy in use and
reduces the product's carbon and water
footprint (see page 12)

+ Concentrated formulas ike our Vanish PLUS.
super concentrated powder which deliver
‘more for less as consumers only need to
Use half the amount to achieve the same
reat results

+ Using recycled content (PCR) to replace virgin
plastic in packaging which helps us meet our
plastic targets as well as reducing our carbon
footprint. We significantly increased PCR
Content in our Harpic, Lysol, Veja and Vanish
product ranges

+ Reducing plastic packaging in products ike
‘our Harpic Hygienic & Fresh self-adhesive
toilet block which doesnt need a plastic cage

+ Refi for ou Dettol surface cleaner and
Cit Bang grime and imescale cleaner, which
provide consumers with more sustainable
alternatives that deliver the same high-quality
‘product performance and reduce packaging by
‘lowing consumers to refil heir original bottle

More detail on sustainable product innovations
is avalabiein our 2024 Sustainability Report

‘eatage report overnance nance

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-SBAC-E64236709C84

Sustainability Performance Review continued

HEALTHIER PLANET

Climate change
Our ambition is to achieve net zero by 2040,

We have a holistic set of science-based
targets to help tackle climate change and
achieve our net zero ambition, including:

+ 65% reduction in emissions from our
‘operations (Scope 1 and 2) by 2030 vs 2015

+ 50% reduction in emissions across our value
cchain (Scope 3) by 2030 vs 2015

+ Achieve 100% renewable electricity by 2030

We've already surpassed our initial target to
educe emissions in our operations by optimising
high energy manufacturing processes (especially
those using natural gas), increasing our use of
renewable energy and investing in longer-term
renewable electricity generation.

We're now focused on reducing emissions
‘across our value chain with our extensive
network of suppliers. In 2024, we began a
partnership with CO, Al and Quantis to enhance
‘ur Scope 3 modelling capabilities. Specifically,
we've moved from representative to precise
‘emissions data for our products. This has
significantly improved the accuracy of our
modeling and delivered execution efficiencies
by automating manual, time-consuming
processes. The partnership is helping us to
identify priority actions across raw materials and
packaging, which account for over haif of our
Scope 3 emissions. We can now target specific
‘materials and suppliers that account for around
80% of our raw material and packaging footprint.

This analysis enhances our ability to link agendas
and maximise value creation. For example,
increasing the use of recycled plastic content in
‘our packaging helps meet the future direction
Of plastic policy and also reduces the carbon
footprint of packaging,

‘Our operations (Scope 1 and 2)

In 2024, we achieved a 69% reduction against
ur baseline. During the year we completed
the expansion of solar installations at our
Taicang and Chonburi sites. Almost all of our
electricity is from renewable sources and we
now have 16 sites generating some of their
own renewable energy.

(Our ongoing site decarbonisation and energy
efficiency programmes are continuing to
deliver emissions reductions. We are stil
aiming to improve energy efficiency with its
associated reduction in energy costs. However,
‘many projects have a longer pay-back period
and those targeting electtical efficiency will
‘not help reduce our absolute carbon emissions,
which is the focus of our attention. We remain
focused on reducing our reliance on and use of
natural gas and are evaluating alternatives for
thermal energy to reduce carbon emissions,

96% of the electricity used across our sites is
‘renewable through a combination of on-site
‘generation, power purchase agreements, green
tarifs and renewable energy certificates (RECS)
We are progressively moving towards more
power purchase agreements and reducing our
Use of RECs, which helps build reslience in
tong-term renewable energy sourcing. During the
year, we secured power purchase agreements in
Poland, Singapore and Bahrain (the latter two are
‘due to come online in 2025)

‘See our Basis of Reporting for details on the
‘methodologies used to calculate this information
_at www reckit.com/reporting-hub

See pages 218-222 for our Cimate-related
Financial Disclosures and TCFO statement

See our Sustainability Report for information
‘on our Climate Transition Plan

See our ESG data book for more detailed
emissions and energy data

Reckitt Anal Report and Accounts 2028 46
Emissions information’
2023

Metric oie 2024 (restated)* 2023,
Scope 1emissions 1COve 107,029" 14656 __15,705
Scope 2 emissions (market-based) tCOre 6.714" ___8.842____—8.902
Scope 2 emissions (location-based) 1COve 232,882" 229262 241600
Total Scope Tand 2 emissions (market-based) 1COre 13,743 _——123.498_—_—124,606
Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions (location-based) 1COe 3399343918 _—_—+357.304
3:1 Purchased goods and services 1COve 4,126,467 4239379 __ 5.047000
3.4 Upstream transportation and distribution 1COve 1907400 1075407 1616.00
3.5 Waste generated in operations 1COe 266 28:25 _—_—_—28000
3.6 Business vavel (Coe 43,610 50423158000
3.9 Downstream transportation and distribution 1COve 1560183 1571522 _ 1572000
311. Use of sold products (rect only) 1COre 379,487 383274 366,000
311 Use of sold products (including indirect) 1COxe 29,417,952 _29.370.005 28775000
312 End of ife treatment of sold products (Coe 302,01 291013 —~366,000
313 Downstream leased assets 1COve 28,308 30.481 30.000
‘otal Scope 3 emissions (direct consumer use only)” (Ove 7,573,628 7.569825 9186.00
Total product carbon footprint rect consumer use only" __tCOve 7,585,641" 7.685.717 _ 9127034
‘Scope 1and 2 GHG emissions intensity (market-based)

= 1COxe per tonne of production 0.04 004 0.04
=tCOve/fm revenue 0.008 0008 0.008
Energy consumption resulting in Scope tandZemissions MWh 1,244,716" 1270672 1.220.968
Proportion of energy consumption from UK operations % 10 7 10
Proportion of Scope 1 and 2 emissions from Uk operations % 9 2 @

+ Assure by ERM CVS 05 par of ited assurance engagement in accordance with international Standard on Assurance

jageman (SAE) 3000 (evsed) and SAE 340 for Greenhouse Gas ota ssved bythe International Auciing an Assurance
rds Gos, The assurance report along with he pacples and methacolagis we use nou eporing, canbe oun
nine at wer tock comeporting- hab

1 We report on emission sources requis under the Companies Act 2008 (Strategic Report and Directors Reports)
equations 213 and the Svearitneg Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) requrements covering the 2028 reporting year
(January 3 December. Emssons have been calculated mine with tne Word Resources Insitute (WAN/ Wore Business
Counc fr Sustanable Development (WACSD) Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protacl- Corporate Accounting and Reporting
(reves exiton) Our GHG emsions snd energy data nodes emissions and energy Consumption fom apertons covered
{Sythe Gova Facil Statements for which we have operations conto!

2 The scope of our GHG emissions per tonne of production covers manufacturing and warehousing. Including REO and offices
tne GHG emsionstonsty pr unt of producion im 2024 tes ony was O08 (CO

1 Total Scope 3 emisios inclodes ou otal redvct carbon Footvint where we are Lxgeting a $0% reduction by 2030,

4 Total produ carbon footprints amesture of crt and indirect GHG emissions atsocisted with Rect products across the
vate chon it ncuces the flowing Scope S categories 313.4 39,31 (OreeD, 312.and Rechts own operations The
‘methodology detaied hou" B35 of Reporting st www feck comMeporing MUD

* Restatoments: pit year Scope Vand 2 data has been estted 0 exclude cveste sites and updates othe Internationa
Energy agency GHG emission factors Prior year Scope 3 data has been restated asa eau of methodology mprovements
‘See eur Basis of Reporting for detis at wrereckt-comyeporting MD


‘uatepe repo voverance,

Docusign Envelope 1D: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-2BAC-E642367C9C84

Reckitt AnnualReport and Accounts 2024 47

Sustainability Performance Review continued

697%

reduction in absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions
vs 2015 (Target: 65% by 2030)

‘Our value chain (Scope 3)
‘Our approach to reducing Scope 3 emissions is.
to focus on the largest emitting categories and
the areas in which we have greatest influence.

Most significantly, we introduced product-level
‘modeling to account for the majority of our
ingredients and packaging impacts (purchased
(goods and services), which make up over half
of our Scope 3 emissions. As 2 result, we can
more easily identify alternative, lower-carbon
ingredients for our raw materials. One example
is the bio-based citric acid used in our Harpic.
power plus deep clean tablets,

‘Outbound logistics account for almost 10%
of our Scope 3 emissions. Through our green
logistics programme we have been engaging
with our customers, suppliers and distribution
centres to evaluate low-carbon road and sea
freight options. This includes fuel switches,
trialing and scaling the use of electric vehicles
and targeting fuel and transport efficiencies
by optimising loads

We continued to support third-party
‘manufacturers through our Supplier
Environmental Performance Programme,

In partnership with Manufacture 2030, Ricardo
and Haleon, we created a tookit to help
suppliers improve resource efficiency and
reduce environmental impact in their operations
by building awareness of environmental
standards, sharing good practice and guidance.

Packaging and waste, circular economy
In 2023, we put additional resources in place
to meet our 2025 PCR target and are on track
to achieve this. We introduced and increased
the use of PCR content in packaging across
multiple products including Vanish, Lysol,
Harpic, Cillt Bang and Veja

We continue to make progress in reducing
Virgin plastic by increasing recycled content
and reducing the amount of plastic used

This has been a key focus over the last 18-24
months. Examples include concentrated refills
for Dettol and Cillt Bang,

We've also continued our efforts to improve
the recyclabilty of our packaging. Progress

is slower than we'd like, however, this reflects
industry-wide challenges, combined with

a lack of recycling infrastructure and
technological solutions. Recyclabilty is
particularly challenging for regulated medicinal
{and infant nutrition products where packaging
‘materials are intrinsic to the long-term stability
and safety of the product. The Ellen MacArthur
Foundation (EMF) forecasts that most
signatories of its Global Commitment are
‘expected to miss the 100% reusable, recyclable
‘or compostable plastic packaging target
Regardless, we are continuing our efforts to
achieve 100% recyclabilty across our portfolio.

We've achieved zero waste to landfill at all

of our manufacturing sites and we continue
to reduce waste from our operations.

7

recycled content (PCR) in plastic packaging
(Target: 25% by 2025)

15%

reduction in virgin plastic packaging vs 2020
(Target: $0% by 2030)

Water stewardship, nature-based
solutions, deforestation, biodiversity

We're committed to protecting water

resources, avoiding deforestation and
strengthening biodiversity in key locations. Our
focus is on the areas where we can have the
most impact.

(Our focus on reducing water use has centred
‘around our operations and the catchment areas
we are part of, especially in water-stressed
locations. We'e continuing initiatives to reduce
water use in our operations by reusing and
recycling water where appropriate, optimising
‘our processes and advancing on-site water
‘stewardship programmes, Water-saving projects
in water-stressed locations remain a key part of
‘ur strategy for resilience in the long term,

We've now achieved water positivity at two of
‘our sites in india, Hosur and Mysore. For 2024,
Mysore was independently verified as water
positive by ERM CVS. Projects included digging
sunken ponds, restoring tanks, and building
small check dams to improve groundwater
fitration, rainwater retention and prevent soil
‘erosion, We are advancing similar projects at
key sites in Mexico, Pakistan, India and South
Africa, partnering with local NGOs and
‘governments to suppoxt communities and our
sites there.

We continue to consider the overall water
footprint of our products. Our near-term focus
has been on reducing plastic and carbon in our
product portfolio, Ths focus was essential but
‘meant that actions to reduce our overall water
footprint were not given the same priority. As a
result, our water footprint increased by 15%
versus our 2015 baseline, predominantly driven by
Consumer use. Our water footprint includes
water used by consumers with our products, ike
bars of soap. This makes reducing our overall
footprint more challenging. While we encourage
people to use less water, we are also considering
‘other ways to target reductions in our water
footprint, both in formulation and in use, enabled
by our Sustainable Innovation Calculator.

‘Yratege pon overance  nasneist statements

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642967C9C84

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2028 48,

Sustainability Performance Review continued

We have a long-standing commitment to
No Deforestation, No Peat, No Exploitation
(NOPE) in our palm oil supply chains. In
preparation for EU Deforestation Reguiation
(EUDR), we identified the impact on our natural
raw materials supply chains. While our products
ate out of scope for EUDR reporting, some
ingredients such as palm oi surfactants are
impacted. We have engaged our suppliers to
ensure we have EUDR compliant material

We've been a contributing member to the
Taskforce on Nature-based Financial
Disclosures (TNFD) since 2021 and are an early
adopter of the TNED recommendations

We have developed a science-based approach
to measuring the biodiversity impacts of our
sourcing activities on local ecosystems in
collaboration with Nature-based Insights.

ur priority natural raw materials include palm
oll latex and cocoa. We are assessing the
biodiversity impacts in the landscapes where
these materials originate. We then work with a
‘umber of partners, lke the Earthworm
Foundation, to help protect and regenerate
those ecosystems, while helping to deliver
social benefits to local communities.

water positive sites in water-stressed
locations where we operate
More detail on our natural aw materials,

landscape programmes and our approach to TNFD
can be found in our 2024 Sustainability Report

PARTNERING WITH WWF SINCE 20210
PROTECT AND RESTORE NATURE FOR A
CLEANER, HEALTHIER WORLD

Reckitt and the World Wide Fund for Nature's (WWF) global
partnership has focused on water and nature for the past
three years, helping to strengthen key water ecosystems
‘and supplies for future generations.

The partnership has helped protect key species through

government and community-led initiatives. It has empowered

local communities with conservation actions that support

livelihoods and economic opportunities.

Reckitt has supported two transformative WWF projects in the

Ramganga tributary in India and the Tapajés tributary in Brazil

+ Ininla, the partnership has replenished over 1 bilion lites
‘of water in the Ganga rive, influenced water-resource
management, and supported sustainable farming practices

+ In Brazil, the partnership has reached 3,000 people affected
by mercury contamination along the Tapajés tributary of the
‘Amazon river with improved access to safe water

By leveraging the reach and power of Reckitts brands Finish

‘and Air Wick, the partnership has inspiced millions of people to

reconnect with nature and take action for our planet

+ Finish and WWF worked in nine countries to protect and
restore freshwater habitats. It replenished 00 milion litres
‘of water in Norfolk, UK and 335 acre-feet of water in the
Upper Rio Grande Basin in the US

+ ir Wick and WWF restored and protected 1.3 bilion square
feet of wildflower habitats across 1! countries and reached
‘over 600 milion people

200,000

people positively impacted through the Reckitt and WWF
Partnership since 2021 (excluding Finish and Air Wick activity)

Photo credit: WWE

‘The next phase of our partnership aims to:

+ Deliver conservation programmes in India, Brazil
help regenerate nature and replenish freshwater

+ Help improve sustainability across palm oil supply chains in Indonesia to
contribute towards sustainable livelihoods and a lasting, positive impact in
communities

indonesia and Pakistan to

+ Provide practical solutions to support Reckitt's ambition for water positivity
in water-stressed sites by 2030

Bocusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC.£642367C9C84

image por woverance * rnancarstoement ine aormston Recht Annu Repont and Accounts 22849
Sustainability Performance Review continued
Living Wage
FAIRER SOCIETY Reckitt achieved Global Living Wage
Certification from the Fair Wage Network in
December 2024, having already achieved UX
We are committed to enabling a fair diverse actecitation in 2020. This confirms that we
and inclusive society as an employer, across our _2Y all our employees in all our markets at least
supply chain and through our brands. Our the ving wage fr that location. We are ako
inclusion strategy focuses on who we are asa COmmitted to paying a living wage for our
business and the role we play in society. interns, trainees and apprentices.
Paying a living wage enables workers to meet
Diversity, equity and inclusion the basic needs of themselves and their
in our workforce families, including fo0d, housing, education and
Becoming a more diverse and inclusive healthcare. It goes beyond minimum wage and
‘organisation helps to drive our performance _ helps people to achieve a sustainable
and is key to attracting and retaining talent. livelinood,
ur commitment to championing different Respecting human rights and empowering
nationalities, ages, backgrounds, identities, everyone in our value chain are at the heart of
beliefs, and cognitive and gender diversity is___our efforts. Through our Sustainable Livelihood
fundamental to a fair and equitable working Framework, we aim to go beyond wages to
environment and our ability to deliver products ensure safe working environments, equality,
that reflect the diversity of the consumers we employment rights, financial security and
serve around the world, career development opportunities. By
Nearly half of our employees are women, Bartneting with NGOs, peers, and communities,
Sar manager populston's genderbalanced 8 fOcuS on addressing critical sues where
and women make up a thid of our senior we can make a lasting impact, building
management team. Gender balonce at the resilience and faimess across the value chain Gender diversity
highest levels is improving, while we have More detail in the Directors’ Mey
already achieved 50% women at all Remuneration Report on page 16 Mole
management levels by 2030 Female
0 GEC and direct reports 82(64%) 476%)
women at all management levels Senior manager roles 374 60%) 114%)
All manager roles 1575 (69%) 8.041(51%)
Alemployees 18106 (54%) 14033 (46%)

Diversity aati taken a of 21 December 2024 for active Reckitt empoyees (excluding contactor)
‘allmanagemen icles: Executive Commitee member, Group leadership team senior management team,

rrdle manages manager

Further information on methodology for calevaing verity pertoemance is avaiable nou Bats of Reporting Criteria

atmo rectit.comyreporting-mub.

‘Yaatege report eovernance

Docusign Envelope IO: FS4ECS5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-ES42367C9084

Reckitt Anna! Repor and Accounts 2028 50,

Sustainability Performance Review continued

‘Advancing global health and hygiene
The global health system is under pressure,
with one in two people lacking access to basic
healthcare and one in four people living
without access to clean water.

We're committed to making sure
underrepresented communities have access to
the highest-quality health and hygiene, by
leveraging innovative finance and scaling local
solutions from social entrepreneurs.

Through our iconic Powerbrands, ike Durex,
Dettol, and Finish, we are driving behaviour
‘change at scale, embedding lasting habits and,
breaking the chain of infection.

Programmes are funded via our Global Access
Fund! supported by our commitment to invest
1% of our adjusted operating profit across 2
three-year average into social impact. Through
the fund, we put a specific focus on advancing
gender-transformative initiatives, prioritising
the needs of women and girls.

We've almost reached our goal of positively
impacting 30 million people by 2030, reaching
29 milion people to date. More broadly, we
have exceeded our target to engage two
billion people with purpose-led partnerships,
programmes and campaigns to promote
awareness for a cleaner, healthier world.

More detail on our social impact programmes
can be found in our Social Impact Report

29mn

people positively impacted by our social
impact investments (cumulative since 2020)
(Target: 30 million people by 2030)

2.abNn

people engaged through our purpose-led
partnerships, programmes and campaigns
(cumulative since 2020)

1 Foxy te Fight for Access Func

IMPROVING ACCESS TO
CLEAN WATER, SANITATION
AND HYGIENE

Since 2019, Reckitt and Water.org have
brought water and sanitation to over
2.4 million people in India, Indonesia
and Kenya, and soon in Nigeria,

‘Our longstanding partnership with
water.org is driving scalable impact to
enable access to household water and
‘Sanitation solutions for millions of people.
Now, we are extending the microcredit
‘model to Nigeria. Together, we are working
to reach five milion people with lasting
access to safe water or sanitation by 2030,

In September, we announced our latest
$5 milion investment into WaterEquity's
impact funds, supporting climate-resilient
infrastructure. We continue to drive
catalytic impact, re-investing the yields of
the funds to further scale our impact work
with waterorg

Photo credit: waterorg

ACCESS HUB

We harness innovation and entrepreneurship
to diive transformative impact. Since 2022,
we've built a network of aver 50 social
innovators, improving global health and
hygiene,

Through Reckitt’ Access Hub, we are
adopting a strategic, portfolio-driven
approach to scale our efforts in capability,
building, mentorship and financial support
for innovative social entrepreneurs around.
the world, Together with our partners like
‘Yunus Social Business and Health Innovation
Exchange, we are creating a powerful
‘ecosystem of collaboration and sustainable
cchange that addresses some of the world's
‘most pressing challenges.

By partnering with social innovators, we
are fostering a community of cutting-edge
solutions in health and hygiene. A specific
focus is on investing in women-led ideas and
integrating the solutions into our value chain.

For example, our factories in South Africa
‘and Indonesia have partnered with Eco-Soap
Bank to recycle soap waste that is then
distributed to vulnerable communities and
used in our Dettol Hygiene Quest
programme.

In Pakistan, Reckitt has provided funding and
mentorship to the social enterprise Tayaba
which has launched an atmospheric water
‘generator that creates safe drinking water
{rom the humidity in the air. They continue to
scale thei impact in the region

Dr. Shamim Nabuuma, founder and CEO of Chil
AlLab, has provided healthcare services to
rural communities in Uganda for several years.
She is now our partner to deliver the country’s
first Hygiene Quest programme.

ur social entrepreneurship hub is a key pillar
of our impact work. As we look forward, we
will continue to scale innovative solutions to
local problems and leverage our network to
rive systemic change.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
‘ inancis statements ‘steer inrormavon Reckit AnnualReport and Accounts 2024 SI

rege report overnance

Sustainabil

ity Performance Review continued

NON-FINANCIAL AND SUSTAINABILITY INFORMATION STATEMENT

We are committed to the 10 principles of the UN Global Compact in the areas of human rights, labour, the environment and ant

Environmental matters

Relevant policies and risk management processes

ur Environmental Manufacturing Policy sets out our objectives for reducing our environmental impacts. It requires compliance with relevant legislation,
‘consideration of environmental issues in Key decisions, ané engagement with multiple stakeholders for better environmental performance whichis
‘monitored through our Group Environmental Management System. Our Supply Chain Leadership team routinely monitors environmental performance,
including progress on our climate ambitions theough our operational programmes. These are also reviewed at Group and Board level on a quarterly basis
Our Sourcing for Sustainable Growth Policy sets out Reckit’s human rights, health and safety, environment and sourcing requirements forall business
partners. The policy detais six responsible sourcing principles that drive us to conduct business with honesty and integrity, respect human rights, provide
8 safe and healthy working environment, use safe and sustainable ingredients, source raw materials responsibly, protect the environment and reduce
enviconmental impact. The policy applies to Reckitt employees and third parties.

i-corruption.

‘Additional information

Environmental Performance
Review, pages 46-48

Employees

Reckit’s Code of Conduct governs standards of conduc in relation to our employees, as well as our stakeholders. All employees must complete Code of
Conduct training and are encouraged to refer tothe code frequently to ensure the right decisions are made. In addition, Reckitt has policies commiting
‘o-equal opportunities at work and to providing a safe and healthy working enviconment. Health and safety performance is monitored through our Group
Occupational Health and Safety Management System, enabling us to investigate any incidents and take any necessary action. We have a Speak Up
Policy and process, allowing any employee or third party to confidentially ceport a violation ofthe Code of Conduct, focal law or regulation, oF unethical
behaviour

Social Performance Review,
pages 49-50

People and Cultue, pages 8-9

Human rights

Respecting human rights isan absolute and universal requirement and through our Code of Conduct we set out Gur commitment to respecting the
fundamental human rights defined in the UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Our Labour and Human Rights Standard sets out the requirements and
practices expected of our supply chain. Our Sourcing for Sustainable Growth Policy (cee above) also encompasses principles of the Internationa Bill Of
Human Rights and the International Labour Organization's (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles ang Rights at Work, We also follow the UN Guiding
Principles on Business and Human Rights and Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises,
(Our Supply Chain Leadership team monitors our human rights and labour standards assessment programme on a monthly basis, while these are also
reviewed at Group and Board level on 2 quarterly basis.

‘See our Modern Slavery Staternent

Social and community matter
Including consumers.

Reckitt’s Product Safety Policy describes our approach to safely assurance for products, covering product development; monitoring in-use safety
and feedback from users; and reacting promptly and effectively 0 mitigate potential harm. in addition, our Responsible Marketing Policy covers the
full marketing lifecycle of our products and applies to all marketing communications and channels. t applies to everyone at Reckitt and external parties.
\We perform ongoing audits and adherence checks on policy implementation. We also monitor consumer, customer and employee feedback on an
‘ongoing basis, through our consumer care lines of our Speak Up Line.

Social Performance Review,
pages 49-50

‘See our 2024 Sustainability Report

“Anti-bribery and corruption

‘Our policy is that all Reckitt companies, employees and contractors must comply withthe anti-bribery, anti-corruption and competition laws of al
Countries in which they operate. Directors and managers must ensure that the employees and contractors they supervise are aware of and comply with
this policy. ll employees and contractors must certify annually that they have complied with our Cede of Conduct, and the Audit Committee reviews
internal audit findings in relation to this.

Emissions information

Page 46

Climate-r

ted financial disclosures

(ur climate-related financial disclosures can be found on pages 218-222

and are incorporated into the Strategic Report by reference

Diversity information Page 49
Policy embedding, due diligence and outcomes Risk Management, page 52
Principal risks and impact of business activity Pages 53-55
Description of business model Pages 10-15

Non-financial key performance indicators

Page 37


‘yrategerepon. | overance. nasneis statements

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-98AC-£642367C9C84

Rechte Aral Repor and Accounts 2028 $2.

Risk Management

RISK MANAGEMENT AT RECKITT

Taking and managing risk are
essential to the way we operate
and to growing our business safely,
effectively and sustainably. They
are fundamental to both good
management practice and to

the successful delivery of our
strategic priorities.

‘Our risk management framework
‘Ouccisk management framework provides
‘a consistent approach to risk management
‘across the organisation and facilitates the
timely communication of risks to ensure the
right people at the right level are managing
the right risks

Risk appetite
The Board interprets risk appetite as the level
Of risk that the Company is wiling to take to
meet its business objectives. The Board's
appetite for risk is communicated to the
‘organisation through our strategic and business
planning process and control frameworks.

The Board recognises that not only does risk
mitigation need to be proportionate to the
benefit gained, but also carefully balanced
with a degree of flexibility to support Reckitt's
‘dynamic and entrepreneurial cutur.

In assessing risk appetite, the Board reviews
the three-year business plan and associated
strategic risks. The risk appetite for specific
financial risks such as funding and liquidity,
credit, counterparty, foreign exchange, interest
and commodity riskis set out in the Board-
approved treasury policies. Compliance

with our safety standards and our legal

and regulatory requirements is mandatory,

Risk governance
Reckitt's risk governance model supports

(our risk management framework and enables
effective management and reporting of
material risks. Reckitt operates a three lines
of defence model which assigns clear roles
and responsiblity for the management of risk.
The Board has overall responsibilty for the
management of risk and the Audit Committee
monitors the effectiveness of our risk
‘management and internal controls framework.

Board oversight is achieved through several
mechanisms which include strategic reviews,
Committee meetings and focused reviews
into selected risk areas.

‘Ownership and day-to-day management of
principal rks reside with the GEC. There is an
accountable GEC owner for each principal risk.

Throughout the year, Group and management
level risk and compliance committees across
the business have supported the GEC in its
oversight role. These are embedded within the
‘governance structure of the organisation, with
escalation between committees as needed.
They meet quarterly to review, challenge and
‘monitor tisk management activities.

Risk management process
‘Our risk management process delivers simple
and effective risk management which supports
business operations and allows management
and the Board to fulfil their duties under the UK
Corporate Governance Code. This ensures that
we are appropriately prioritising our efforts and
resources to manage our risks.

‘Our Group Risk team, part of the wider Internal
‘Audit and Risk function, facilitates the risk
‘management process. The Group's risk profile
is reviewed biannually, with risks assessed
across a timeline of up to three years, and
prioritised based on impact, likelihood and

Key

O rinorimoset

O seer pact

O nserimoact

Ouse
rnin

ont ont

wets

2. Product integrity

ays

é

Remote Possible Utely

speed of impact, which reflects the time we
would have to react should a risk materialise

The risk profile is used as an input to the
Viability Statement assessment,

‘Our principal risks
(Our principal risks continue to evolve in
response to our changing environment. During
2024 business transformation was elevated to
2 principal risk due to the organisational
change underway to simplify the organisation
for accelerated growth. While the likelihood
‘and impact of the remaining principal risks are
broadly consistent with 2023, some related
risks have been combined to provide a clearer
understanding of the risk profile and to support
more efficient risk mitigation strategies.

These include:

1. Technology resiience and
information security

3.Legal and compliance
4, Supply chain continuity and

hl et

5. Business transformation
6. Geopolitical instability
1L.ESG transition

8. Product innovation

9. Macroeconomic uncertainty

Likely Possible Remote

+ Cyber security risk has been expanded to

technology resilience and information security
to include related threats to critical systems

‘and data and to ensure mitigation efforts are
focused on a broad spectrum of vulnerabilities

+ Product safety and compliance with product

regulations have been combined into an
overall product integrity risk to provide a
comprehensive framework which ensures
all aspects of product-related risks are
addressed cohesively

+ Supplier disruption and reliance on key

‘manufacturing sites have been merged into
supply chain continuity and resilience to address
the interdependencies between supply chain
stability and manufacturing capabilities and
allow development of contingency pians for
critical manufacturing processes

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-

‘ywatepe report overnance

£642367C9084

Reckitt Annu Report and Accounts 2024 $3

Risk Management continued

OUR PRINCIPAL RISKS

sk

Whats the risk and impact?

Link to strategy
Portfolio value creation

Examples of how we are managing the risk

Product superiority

Winin market Fixed cost optimisation

Mitigation progress this

Business transformation
Link to strategie priorities:

Risk classification: Strategic
Risk trajectory: New

Risk rating: Major

Speedof onset: Weeks
Oversight Committee: Board

The uncertainty inherent in the
large-scale organisational change
underway risks the loss of
management or key personnel
isruption of short-term operations
and change fatigue, adversely
affecting performance
Additionally, failure to prioitise
resources effectively to achieve
targets could jeoparcise the
delivery of our medium and
long-term growth ambitions

~ A steering committee isin place to oversee the programme and reviews resourcing and
capacity o ensure minimal disruption to operations
Decicated Project Management Office (PMO) supported by external experts, which
actively monitors key performance indicators (KPIs) and resource capacity, including
‘metrics on talent retention

+ The portfoto of existing programmes has been repriostised to create organisational
capacity forthe reorganisation
Talent retention plans in place for crtical roles

“Regular employee communications-monthly senior leadership calls and briefing packs,
{and central tansformation bub with relevant information and updates in place
External advisors for key elements ofthe programme-McKinsey, EY and 8CG-on both
the transformation and separation

+ Operating model clarity, decision-making rights and governance deployed to al!
functional leaders across core Reckitt, Essential Home and Mead Johnson Nutrition
for January 2025,
Separation principles and perimeter defined to ensure clear workplan and resourcing in 2025

‘New principal sk in year

Geopolitical instabil
Link to strategic priorities:

y

Risk classification: Strategic
Risk trajectory: Increasing
Risk rating: Moderate
Speed of onset: Months
Oversight Committee: Board

Reckitt operates in a challenging
and unpredictable trading
cerwironment influenced by

various external factors that

‘can impact our operations and
financial performance.

Geopolitical events such as
Conficts, trade wars, economic
sanctions, and political polarisation
create disruptions, adding to

the complexity of our

‘operating environment.

‘Our three-year plan takes into account current and potential future challenges
‘We maintain an extensive network of local regulatory and external affairs teams, which
together with external advisors closely monitor the political and geopaitical environment
‘Our Issues and Crisis Management team supports the business with market-specific risk
assessments and resources to support with regional issue and criss management
‘Geopolitical sk is considered within our business continuity planning for the resilience
(of our supply chain

+ Our Corporate Security function identifies potential threats through the Corporate
Security programme and supports the business with horizon scanning activities

~The GEC provides oversight over the management
of the Group's geopolitical risk profile

+ Toenhance manufacturing resience, we are
regionalsing our supply chain, including building
redundancies within the network to mitigate
<sruptions and risks from geopolitical nstabitty

+ Ad hoc horizon scanning and scenario planning
activities are undertaken by the GEC and in-country
management teams

Product innovation
Link to strategic priorities:

Risk classification: Strategic
Risk trajectory: No change
Risk rating: Moderate
Speedof onset: Years
‘Oversight Committee: Board

‘Our continued growth and success
depend on our abiity to innovate,
produce relevant products, and
‘maintain our valve proposition,
Failure to anticipate and respond to
‘evolving consumer trends, invest in
‘esearch and development, and
launch and market new products
could ead to diminished brand
presence and loss of market share
and profitability.

~ Consumer tends, behaviour and needs are analysed through our demand-centred
‘growth process based on targeted consumer segments

+ Innovation projects follow a standardised operating model, which includes defined stage
‘gates and cross-functional approvals, with oversight from our category and R&D teams

+ Product development reporting provides visibility over our innovation pipeline

+ Contiaved investment in our science platforms to create superior, longer-term and
ifferentated products, strengthen our claims and lead with consumer-relevant solutions

+ We work closely with externa partners to drive innovation in key areas like sustainability
‘and new technologies

* Move 10a simplified organisational stucture with 2
Unified category growth organisation accountable for
<dekvering consumer insights, category expertise and
innovation from 2025

+ To support the longer-term growth ambitions in China
we are establishing a Global R&D Centre of Excellence
in Shanghai, to rive ennancements in innovation
through collaboration, science capabilties and
talent development

+ We are exploring the possibilities of generative
‘Al with the aims of enhancing product superiority
and increasing speed to market


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-SBAC-E642367C9084

feoorvernance,

Recht Annus Report and Accounts 2024 SA.

Risk Management continued

Risk

Whats the risk andimpact?

Link to strategy
Portfolio valve creation

Examples of how we are managing the risk

Product superiority

Winin market Fixed cost optimisation

Mitigation progress this year

Technology resilience
~ and information

security

Unk to strategic priorities:

Risk classification:
Operational

Risk trajectory: No change
Risk rating: Major

Speedof onset: Days
Oversight: Board

Reckitt’ increasing reliance on
igital technologies for operations,
supply chain management, and
Consumer engagement exposes
the organisation to cyber attacks,
TT system failures, and potentat
data breaches which could lead to
isruption of critical operations,
Unauthorised access to sensitive
data and non-compliance with
regulatory requirements.

~ We operate a Group- wide cyber security control framework, aigned with industry
standards, including ISO and National Institute of Standards and Technology (MIST)

+ We undertake regular horizon scanning and theeat detection activites, perform
penetration testing and work closely with our thid parties and partners to manage
cyber tisk

+ Robust Information Technology and Digital (1180) Controls Framework in place including
polices, standard operating procedures and traning covering governance, thid-party
vendor management, service contiuity and cecovery management and responsible Al

+ Access restrictions are in place for any publicly avaiable Al and machine learning solution
Mandatory cyber awareness training is rolled out across the Group as part of our
compliance training programme

‘We continve to invest in our digital manvfacturing
infrastructure to improve cyber security on the factory
‘operating technology network. The programme isin
‘place to address al factory sites to improve protection
{and recoverability ofthe factory estate

Responsible Al Policy. principles and SOPs to assess and
‘mitigate the risks eating to the creation and adoption of
‘Altools were rolled out. A baseline A taining module was
developed for al celevant employees

+ Our Cyber team has updated the endpoint protection
‘olution to improve detection and protection from
‘malware. We also continue to enhance our identity and
‘access management capabilities (which also support
‘compliance with UK SOX legislation)

‘Supply chain continuity
and resilience
Link to strategie priorities:

Risk classification:
Operational

Risk trajectory: No change
Risk rating: Major
Speed of onset: Weeks

Oversight Committee: Board

‘Our ability 10 source materials
‘and manufacture and oistibute
‘ur products through our global
‘network celles on complex
‘manufacturing and supply chain
processes. Operational failures,
supply chain disruptions, and
process inefficiencies, or more
broadly large external events
like extreme weather or
infrastructuee failures could
isrupt o halt operations.

‘We carefully monitor a our third-party suppliers through our supplier management
‘programme and our Procurement team regularly risk assesses our suppliers and entire
<irect material portfolio across multiple dimensions using our supplier vulnerability too.
\We also map our suppliers further up the value chain to identity any potential geographic
concentration risks
‘Action plans, centrally tracked and monitored through our quarterly Supplier Risk
Committee, are in place for citcal supplies to ensure continuity of supply in the event
Cf a disruption. Where possible, these include business continuity planning and the
‘qualification of alternative suppliers

+ Each of our manufacturing sites is classified through a three-tier system based on
revenue dependency or criticality to market. This ives ou site inspection programme
with Tier sites being subject to more regular inspections

* We have continued to de-risk our sourcing of eritical
materials through the qualification of alternative
suppliers and have reduced the numberof highly
crical materials by 1% since 2023

+ Key initiatives have been launched to strengthen our
manufacturing resiience including regionalising the
supply chain, reducing obsolescence, further
developing and standarcsing business continuity plans
‘across factories and reviewing our network master plan
{oenhance overall resiience

+ In December we acquired a new manufacturing
site in North Caralina, US, for over-the-counter (OTC)
products. Given Reckit’s ambitions to grow the
business further, the acquisition ofthis new facility,
“which we anticipate wll Begin production in 2027,
is key part of our Future Factory Network Plan

Product integrity
Link to strategic priorities:

Risk classification:
‘Compliance and responsibiity
Risk trajectory: No change
Risk rating: Major

Speedof onset: Weeks

‘Oversight Committee:
Compliance Committee

‘Our broad portfolio includes
products that are ingested, inhaled
for have direct skin contact. Some
‘may contain hazardous chemicals.
Failure to meet quality, safety, and
segulatory standards could lead to
ppotential harm to consumers,
product recalls, and legal abilities,
‘and impact consumer confidence
inour brands

‘Our Regulatory inteligence framework performs horizon scanning to help identify new:
‘and emerging regulatory changes and trends in enforcement practice
‘Our Ingredient Steering Goup monitors regulatory developments, reviews classification
changes and completes impact assessments utilsing our Restricted Substances List
‘A:obust quality management system (QMS) s in place underpinned by policies, operating
procedures and systems. Thisis subject to regular independent audits, and our internal
‘Quality Aust team also audits internal functions to ensure compliance

+ Our Qualty, Regulatory and Safety Counc colectively addresses product integiy-related sks

+ Our Consumer Safety team conducts holistic product safety assessments during the
product development Ffecycle

+ We have an adverse and critical events process, and our dedicated Consumer Care and
Vigilance teams moritor and respond to product quality or safety issues

+ We use data generated from our Consumer Safety, Evidence Generation and Clinical
Research functions to support our claims

~ We launched a new Regulatory tnteligence system
‘during the year to capture data related to emerging
regulatory changes

+ We developed, launched and optimised anew
Consumer Safety CARA System, enabling the
‘generation of automated safety assessments and our
technology risk vigance platform is now operational

+ Established an EU Green Deal programme to bring our
product portfolio into compliance with new EU regulations,
Such asthe General Product Safety Regulation

(Our quality organisation has consolidated under RED
to.ensure quality oversight throughout the end-to-end
product itecycle

‘We have digitised our quality management system and
continue to develop and launch modules, including new
audit management functionality


Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘weatege reper Governance:

Reckitt Anal Repor and Accounts 2024 $5.

Risk Management continued

Risk

‘What is the risk and impact?

Link to strategy
Portfolio value creation

Examples of how we are managing the risk

Product superiority

Winin market Fixed cost optimisation

Mitigation progress this year

Legal and compliance
Link to strategic priorities:

Risk classification:
Compliance and responsibility
Risk trajectory: No change
Risk rating: Major

Speedof onse
‘Oversight Committee:
Compliance Committee

Reckit operates in various
‘countries with diverse reguatory
‘environments Failure to meet

legal requiatory, and corporate
responsibilty commitments could
impact our reputation with our
consumers, ivestors, and
stakeholders. Additionally, operating
in tigious environments increases
Iigation risk, potentially leading to
significant legal costs, settements,
and reputational damage.

~ global Ethics and Compliance programme isin place which covers Key areas such as
anti-ribery, sanctions, competition and data pxvacy. The programme incorporates annual
training, ‘Speak Up’ hotline, compliance policies and procedures, targeted rsk and control
assessments and third-party due diigence
Embedded Legal and Compliance teams, supported by external experts as needed, to
help us identify, understand and comply with curent and emerging regulatory obligations

+ Group Privacy Office (GPO) and in-market privacy programmes to support the business
and provide oversight of data protection policy compliance

+ Disputes and tigation are supervised by senior members of the Legal team, with General
Counsel oversight of significant Group matters

To further enhance our programme, we undertook
2 comprehensive mapping ofthe key risks within the
scope of ethics and compliance. This mapping wil
inform continued improvement of risk assessment
activities, the definition of more effective mitigating
actions, the improverent of monitoring processes,

{and the better allocation of resouces

+ We undertook a review of our third-party due diligence
‘programme which has led to the creation of a
transformation plan to address those aspects of the
progcamme requiring improvement

+ Development of a procedure to risk assess the use of Al

ESG transition
Link to strategic priorities:

Risk classification:
Compliance and responsibility
Risk trajectory: No change
Risk rating: Moderate

Speed of onset: Months
Oversight Commi

‘Changes in the regulatory
enviconment and shifting
stakeholder expectations
emerging from the transition

toa more sustainable, net 2610
economy creates significant
uncertainty for Reckitt. There is

2 risk that we fall to deliver our
SG programme or deliver against
fur Sustainability Ambitions.

We have a clear set of Sustainability Ambitions with measurable, time-bound targets.
Performance is centrally coordinated, monitored and reported. See page 45
Programmes to meet our targets are implemented by our Brands, Supply Chain, RED,
{and Safety, Quality and Regulatory Compliance teams
{A Group Sustainability function leads sustainabilty-related strategy development,
Compliance and reporting to support performance management and disclosure.
‘cross-functional steering committee provides governance and oversight across
key ESG teansiton risks and sustainable product activities
Tools have been developed to support the delivery of our Sustainability Ambitions,
including our Sustainable novation Calculator. This has been implemented across our
ingovation pipeline to quantify sustainability improvements across carbon, wate, plastics
‘and packaging, ingredients and overall extended producer responsibilty (EPR) risk

+ Carbon footprint modeling enables targeted activity for decarbonisation

We continue to deliver on our operational carbon, plastics,
water catchment, and waste reduction targets. We have
surpassed our intial targets for direct emissions and are
‘now focusing on reducing Scope 3 emissions
(CSRD, EU Green Deal and EU Taxonomy programmes are
‘Underway, with associated ITED development, to prepare
{or requirments ahead of 2026. This includes an updated
double materalty approach in ine with CSRD

Carbon footprint modeling has been strengthened
{0 prioritise reduction levers for Scope 3 emissions
‘and support the development of more detailed
{transition plans targeting areas of highest carbon
for greatest impact

+ Ongoing programmes of supplier auciting and
{development to ensure compliance with human rights
‘and labour standards, and sustainable sourcing (ie.
avoiding risks of modern slavery and deforestation)

Macroeconomic
uncertainty
Link to strategic priorities:

Risk classification: Financial,
Risk trajectory: Increasing
Risk rating: Moderate
Speed of on

Oversight Committee: Board;
‘Audit Committee

Weeks

‘Adverse economic conditions,
coupled with high levels of
volatility and unpredictability in
the macroeconomic environment,
could impact our abilty to deliver
Consistent and predictable growth,
Fiyctuations in interest rates,
currency exchange rates, and
inflation can adversely affect

ur financial performance and
strategic objectives.

‘This isk is further exacerbated
bby potential changes in tax aw,
financial compliance requernents,
and regulatory frameworks, which
‘may lead to increased operational
costs and compliance requirements.

‘Ongoing monitoring of local and global Key macroeconomic indicators and their
consequent impact on our business performance:
Interest rate and foreign exchange risks are centralised into Group Treasury to provide
‘expertise, control and economies of scale in managing and reporting on these financial
Fisk in ine with Group-wide policies and procedures

+ Key commodities’ prices are managed on an ongoing basis by our supply teams and
communicates across the Group

+ Our partnerships with external tax advisors help us understand and remediate the
‘ax implications of changes in organisational structure and the impect of any regulatory
fr other legislative changes, helping inform the need for central provisioning for
‘anticipated exposure

~ Our Planning and Forecasting Programme is now ive
‘across Europe, Asia Africa and the Middle East, with
North America and Latin America to go lve during 2025.
‘We anticipate that its adoption across these markets,
‘along with ts integration with demand and sales
planning, wil provide greater visibility into forecast
horizons and enable the Group to enhance its scenario
planning and risk management capabilties across
the business


Docusign Envelope ID: F54CSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Sunoge report woverance

Reckitt Areal Repor and Accounts 2024 S6

Risk Management continued

EMERGING RISKS

Link to strategy

Portfolio value cation Product superiority Win inmmarket_ Fixed cost optimisation

‘Our risk profile will continue to evolve as a result of future trends and uncertainties. Emerging risk and horizon
scanning is integrated into our standard risk management process and provides a forward-looking view of major
trends that have the potential to impact our business across a longer time horizon (>three years). Emerging risks
are monitored to understand the potential impact on our business and to allow timely decision-making.

isk

Description

‘Science and technology disruption
Link to strategie priorities:

The rapid pace of advancements in science and
technology has the potential to significantly disrupt
the categories in which we operate. Innovations

In areas such as biotechnology and digital health
Could redefine consumer expectations and
Competitive dynamics

‘External partnerships allow us to participate in leading research around hygiene interventions and the
development of emerging treatments

= Que RED and Science teams actively engage with the scientific community through participation in
conferences, thought leadership and research projects. Working with this consortium of extemal experts
helps us to stay abreast of leading developments in science and regulatory affairs and the impact of
‘emerging technology

+ Horizon-scanning activities undertaken internally across a number of teams, including the Corporate
Development team and individual brand teams, helping to identiy threats and opportunities in each category

Artificial intelligence
Link to strategic priorities:

Failure to adopt and integrate advanced Al
technologies could result insignificant competitive
disadvantage. Ths includes the risk of lagging behind
industry peers which leverage Al for enhanced
ecision-making, operational efficiency innovation
‘and customer engagement. The inabilly to keep pace
with predictive and generative Al may lead toloss of
market share.

~ Reckitt Aland Machine Learning (ML) Community of Practice established an Al and ML Idea Factory to target
areas where Al and ML can be used to dive innovation and enhance the business

+ Plots launched to help illustrate how Genl can enhance both productivity and growth

+ We have been working to develop our own tools and validate how we can reinvent the way marketers work
at Reckitt end to end

Sector consolidation
Link to strategic priorities:

‘Consolidation in the number of players together
with higher levels of competition for potential
‘dcquistion targets may impact our ability to drive
Inorganic growth,

Corporate Development team responsible for identifying, evaluating and executing Reckitt's global
MBA opportunities
Competitive scanning activities to identify potential mergers, acquisitions, divesiments, joint ventures
lr long-term partnerships

+ Corporate Development partners closely withthe in-market teams which actively manage the portfolio.
{help establish clear and prostised inorganic business development objectives, so the business is focuses
(on the right targets that will help create long-term value


‘Weawege tepor | awernance

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

echt Anal Repor and Accounts 2024 ST

Our Viability Statement

THE ASSESSMENT PROCESS AND KEY ASSUMPTIONS

The Board's Viability Review is based
on the Group's strategy, its long-term
financial plan and its principal risks.

{A financial forecast covering a five-year period
was prepared (the base case), This period

was selected as itis the period covered in the
Group's long-term forecasting process, based
(on the budget and projections for the following
years and covers the introduction to market of
the current new product pipeline, The period
also covers the majority of Reckitt’s debt
repayment profile.

The financial forecast is based on 2 number of
key assumptions aligned to the Group's growth
strategy, planned capital spending and capital
allocation policy. The assessment of viability
takes into account the Group's cash flow,

its currently available banking facilities and
interest cover ratios in relevant financial
covenants, and does not assume the raising

of additional new debt or equity finance. If
Reckitt performs in tine with the base case
forecasts, it will have sufficient funds to trade,
settle its liabilities as they fall due, remain
‘compliant with financial covenants and remain
viable. Moreover, the Group has access to
external debt markets on account of its credit
rating together with a well-diversified supplier
network, customer base and product range,
and geographical activities with a strong
innovation pipeline and dividend cover.

Assessment of principal risks

and viability

To further test the robustness of the base case
forecast, further analyses were prepared to
consider the viability of the business in the
‘event of adverse unexpected circumstances,
Such adverse circumstances were modelled
primarily upon the crystallisation of the Group's
principal risks (see pages 53-55, including how

we are managing the risk). Principal risks have
the potential to create adverse circumstances
for the Group and can occur individually or in
combination with each other, The assessment
Of viability considered the implications of
crystallisation of each principal risk and
estimating the impact on interest cover ratios
‘and headroom aver available borrowing facilities.

These principal risks were aggregated to
create two scenarios, which model plausible
downside scenarios of increasing severity
‘based on: (i) crystallisation of principal risks
including litigation deemed to have the most
significant potential impact on viability; and

(i) crystallisation of all principal risks and the
impact of adverse movements in foreign
‘exchange and interest ates. The principal risks
that were evaluated also include the failure to
address existing and emerging environmental,
social and governance (ESG) and sustainability,
risks and the changing societal and stakeholder
‘expectations of businesses in addressing
these. The Board has also considered the
potential impact of changes to environmental
factors which may affect the business model
and performance in the future, 2s set out

in the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFO) statement on pages
218-222. The analysis indicated that even with
unexpected events occurring immediately and
in combination, Reckitt would stil have
sufficient funds to trade, settle its liabilities

as they fall due and remain compliant with
financial covenants.

The Board has further considered the
occurrence of a Black Swan event: an event of
greater adversity than those modelled above,
with sufficient potential impact to risk the
future of Reckitt as a strong and independent
business operating in its chosen markets.

The occurrence of a major issue could result

in significant reputational impact, a substantial

share price fall, significant loss of consumer
confidence and the inability to retain and
recruit quality people. Such an event could
have an impact on the viabilty of the business.
On the basis of a comprehensive set of
mitigating controls in place across the business,
Considering the unknown nature of a Black
Swan event and that its occurrence is
Considered highly unlikely, it has not been
included in the Viability Review.

Viability Statement
‘The Board believes that the Group is well-
positioned to manage its principal risks
successfully. The Board's belief is based on
consideration of the historic resilience of
Reckitt and has taken account ofits current
position and prospects, the actions taken to
manage the Group's debt profile risk appetite
and the principal risks facing the business in
Unexpected and adverse circumstances
Mitigating actions, should they be required,
are all within management's control and
Could include reduced capital expenditure or
temporary suspension of dividend payments.

Conclusion
‘As a result of the Viability Review, the Board
has a reasonable expectation that the Group
willbe able to continue in operation and meet
its abilities as they fall due over the five-year
period covered in the Viability Review.

The Strategic Report, as set out on pages
1-57, has been approved by the Board

Catheryn O'Rourke
Company Secretary
Reckitt Benckiser Group ple

5 March 2025,

sions
Cc OKowree

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

‘yratoge repo woverance.  rnanea statements

Reckitt Areal Report and Accounts 2024 SB.

Corporate Governance Report

CHAIR'S INTRODUCTION TO GOVERNANCE

Sir Jeremy Darroch
Chair

Further details Pages
Board of Directors and Group Executive Committee __60-64
The governance framework and how the Board oon
monitors culture

Details of the Board's activities this year 7273
How the Board engages with our stakeholders 74-18
‘The Board effectiveness review report 79-80

Reckitt is a business taking the
right long-term decisions.

Dear shareholder,

(On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present Reckitt’s Corporate
Governance Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2024,
‘The Board is responsible for the effective leadership of the Group
‘and for promoting its long-term sustainable success.

‘The Board provides leadership by setting the Companys Purpose,
strategy and values, overseeing implementation of the strategy by
management and monitoring culture to ensure its alignment with
‘our Purpose and values. The Board ensures there are appropriate
processes in place to manage risk and monitors the Compani’s
financial and operational performance against objectives

Board changes

There have been a number of changes to the composition

of the Board this year which are summarised below.

|Lwould firstly lke to take this opportunity to sincerely thank

Cis Sinclair for his years of service to the Reckitt Board, having

joined the Board in 2015 as a Non-Executive Director and

‘becoming Chair in May 2018 until he retired at the AGM in May

2024, Throughout hs tenure, Chis led with confidence, insight,

integrity and a clear vision,

+ At the AGM in May 2024 Pam Kirby stepped down, having
served nine years on the Board

+ Alan Stewart also stepped down from the Board at the AGM
inMay

+ Jeff Carr retired as CFO in March 2024
+ We were sad to learn that Olvier Bohuion passed away in early May

| would lke to thank each of them for their valuable

contributions to the Reckitt Board during their tenure,

+ As notified last year, Mary Harris replaced Alan Stewart as
Chair of the Remuneration Committee and will step down at
this year’s AGM having exceeded nine years’ tenure. Mary is
considered to continue to retain an independence of mind
and to be an effective and valued contributor to the Board.
We are grateful for Mary's contributions and commitment to
the Board and Committees during her tenure

+ Shannon Eisenhardt became CFO in March 2024 following
Jeff's retirement

+ became Chair and Andrew Bonfield became Senior
Independent Director following the 2024 AGM.

+ Marybeth Hays joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director
on 1 February 2024

+ Fiona Dawson joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director
(on 1 June 2024. Fiona will eplace Mary Harris as Chair of the
Remuneration Committee following the AGM in May 2025

+ Elane Stock took on the role of Designated Non-Executive
Director for Engagement with the Company's Workforce at
the conclusion of the 2024 AGM

We were pleased to announce in Noveriber 2024 the appointment

lf Mahesh Madhavan and Stefan Oschmann as Non-Executive

Directors, who joined the Board on 1 January 2025.

| would like to thank the Board, management and all the Reckitt

‘employees | have met so far for their warm welcome and for

their continued commitment to our Purpose, Compass and.

stewardship of the Group.

Sir Jeremy Darroch

Chair
Reckitt Benckiser Group ple

5 March 2025,

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECS5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Yeatagerepot overnance rnancia statements

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2028 $9)

Corporate Governance Report continued

CHAIR SITE VISITS

Since becoming Chair, Sir Jeremy has visited various Reckitt sites and a summary is set out below:

Sir Jeremy visited a number of Reckitt sites
during the year including sites in Delhi (india),
Hull (UK), and Parsippany (US). A summary of
the visits to India and Hull are set out below.

Visit to India
Sir Jeremy, Ranjay Radhakrishnan, our Chief HR
Officer and Cathy O'Rourke, Group General
Counsel & Company Secretary, visited the
Reckitt team in India during October.
Members of the India team presented a
review of the Company's business in India
including an overview of key financial metrics,
‘marketing initiatives, competitive insights,
supply chain capabilities, market-specific
innovations, and ESG and climate initiatives.

Sic Jeremy spent time with the sales team
to understand the diverse sales landscape
‘and visited various retailers. Sir Jeremy also
engaged with employees in both small group
settings and during a townhall session.

Visit to Hull
Sir Jeremy visited our Hul site in the UK with
‘Angela Naef, our Chief R&D Officer, to gain

a better understanding of our research and
‘manufacturing capabilities. Sir Jeremy toured
the site and members of the Hull leadership
team provided an overview of the important
work performed on site,

Sic Jeremy also gained valuable insights about
‘ur talent pipetine through meeting with our
degree apprentices and women in science
representatives and learning about the Future
Leadership Scheme available to science,
technology engineering and mathematics
(STEM) university graduates.

7)

Sir Jeremy answers questions on his first year
as Chair.

Q.

How will the strategic transformation announced in
July 2024 make Reckitt a stronger business?

A.

Following the announcement in July, we have revamped
ur strategy to streamline our portfolio and simplify our
organisation, We believe this will mprove our
performance and ensure that Reckitis fit for the future
‘and wil support maximising shareholder value. | am
confident about the plan that has been put in place and
its potential to deliver strong growth and value creation

‘What have been your key highlights and challenges
from your first year as Chair?

Being Chair of Reckitt is a great privilege. Helping the
Executive team as they develop a new strategy that
will take the Company forward in the coming years has,
been a particular highlight. Im looking forward to its
implementation and seeing the benefits that will flow
from it come through.

‘A clear challenge has been the underperformance of the
share price in 2024, which | know has disappointed
‘everyone. However, we believe we have the right plan in
place now, with a re-structured and refreshed
‘organisation and the whole business is focused and
‘working tirelessly to deliver the results that, we believe,
will see our share price recover strongly.

What are your priorities for the Board in 2025?

‘Supporting the delvery ofthe new strategy willbe the key
pronty for 2025, wit an inital focus on exiting the Essential
Home portfolio tis year and reviewing the potential options
{or the Mead Johnson Nutrition business. aso look forward
toccontinuing to vist the markets in which Reckitt operates
with my fellow Board members to help them enhance their
Understanding of the business requirements for 2025 and
‘beyond. This willbe particulary helful forthe induction of
‘our newest Board members.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

ene repor | woverance rfanga statements ‘Uwe mormavn

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2028 60,

Board Leadership

OUR BOARD

Experienced, diverse and balanced

Diverse leadership

Committee key
Chair
Tenure* Nomination
Under 3 years: 6 © Compliance
3-6years:1 8 Remuneration
6-9 years: 3 & Audit
9 years:7
Gender*
Male: 36%
Female: 64%
Nationality*
ertsh: 3
American: 3
wish:
BritistyDutcte 1
“American/Britsh:1
Danish:
alias 1

+ These graphs ae based on data as a 31 December 2026

Sir Jeremy Darroch (62)
Chair

Nationality
British

‘Appointment

Appointed as Senior Independent
Non-Executive Director in November
2022 and became Chair of the Board
and the Nomination Committee in
May 2024

‘Skills and experience
Sir Jeremy is an outstanding leader
with considerable expertise in the
consumer retail envionment built
up over a successful career at

some of the Uk’s most high-profile
companies. He has a proven

track record of driving business
performance and unique insight into
what motivates consumers, bringing
reat value to the Board,

Current external appointments

Non-Executive Director of
The Walt Disney Company
CChair of the National
Oceanography Centre

+ WWF Ambassador

Senior Advisor for
The MultiChoice Group

Executive Advisor for KKR

Kris Licht (48)
Chief Executive Officer

Nationality
Danish

Appointment
Kris joined Reckitt in 2019 and was
‘appointed as Chief Executive Officer
(CEO) Designate on 1 May 2023,
became an Executive Director on
1.June 2023 and took over as CEO
(on 1 October 2023,

Skills and experience
kris brings over 20 years of strong
leadership and transformation
experience across consumer health
‘and consumer goods more broadly,
with a proven track record in
delivering growth and driving
sustained operating performance.

He has in-depth understanding of
‘our categories and global markets
and played a pivotal role in both
setting the strategic direction of
Reckitt and returning the Health
business to the strong growth
trajectory that it has delivered over
the last four years. Prior to Reckitt
kris held a number of senior
‘operational and strategic leadership
roles at PepsiCo.

Current external appointments
+ None :

‘Shannon Eisenhardt (50)
Chief Financial Officer

Nationality
American

Appointment
‘Shannon joined the Board as Chief
Financial Officer (CFO) Designate
on 17 October 2023 and took over
as CFO on 31 March 2024

‘Skills and experience
‘Shannon brings extensive experience
‘across consumer and retail, having
worked with some of the most
globally recognised brands, and

an impressive and highly relevant
international background. Shannon

is a proven strategic and operational
leader with a track record of

building highly successful teams

‘and delivering strong and

consistent performance.

Current external appointments
* None

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

isugetopon | wovemance" rmancarstatemens ume imormaven Recht Arnunl Repont and Accounts 2024 61
Board Leadership continued

A

a R a c

Andrew Bonfield (62) Margherita Della Valle (59) Mary Harris (58) ‘Tamara Ingram, OBE (64) Mehmood Khan (66)
Senior Independent Non-Executive Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director
Director Nationality Nationality Nationality Nationality
Nationality Italian/British DutchyBritish British “American/British
British Appointment Appointment Appointment Appointment
Appointment ‘Appointed as 2 Non-Executive Appointed as a Non-Executive Appointed as a Non-Executive Appointed as a Non-Executive

Appointed as a Non-Executive
Director in July 2018 and became
Senior Independent Director in May
2024. Andrew is Chair of the Audit
‘Committee and a member of the
Nomination Committee.

Skills and experience
Andrew brings more than three
decades of financial expertise to the
Board. He is a strong leader with
experience gained in large, complex
organisations, and has a history of
diving strong financial performance
in the UK and globally. These skills
ate valuable to the Board and to his
fole as Chair ofthe Audit Committee
He is CFO of Caterpilr Inc. and was
Group CFO of National Grid ple, CFO
of Cadbury plc and Executive Vice
President and CFO at Bristol Myers
Squibb.

Current external appointments
+ CFO of Caterpillar nc.

Director in July 2020.

Skills and experience

Margherita has extensive experience
Of financial markets and digital
technologies. She is deeply
‘experienced in business in both
developed and developing markets,
bringing great insight to the Board.
These skills, together with her strong
leadership background, are valuable
to the Board and her membership of
the Audit Committee and Nomination
Committee.

Current external appointments

+ Chief Executive Officer of Vodafone
Group Plc

+ Non-Executive Director of
Bocconi University

Director in February 2015. Mary is also
Chair of the Remuneration
Committee.

Skills and experience

Mary has substantial experience

in consumer and retail businesses

across China, Southeast Asia and

Europe. She brings to the Board a

top-level strategic outlook with an

international and consumer focus

Her previous experience in other

non-executive director roles is

invaluable to the Board and to

chairing the Remuneration

Committee.

Current external appointments

+ Non-Executive Director and
member of the Remuneration and.
Nomination Committees of
Coca-Cola Europacific Partners ple

+ Supervisory Director of HAL
Holding NV.

+ Member of the INSEAD Corporate
Governance Council

Director in February 2023.
‘Skills and experience
Tamara is an outstanding leader
with considerable expertise in global
marketing services, and has led
renowned marketing campaigns for
household brands around the world
Current external appointments
+ Non-Executive Director of Marks
and Spencer Group pic
+ Non-Executive Director of Intertek
Group ple
+ Non-Executive Director of Marsh
& McLennan Companies, Inc.
+ Chair of asthma and Lung UK
+ Chair of 10 Group,
+ Deputy Chair of Ofcom

Director in July 2018. Mehmood is
Chair of the Compliance Committee.

Skills and experience
Mehmood is a highly skilled medical
practitioner and researcher.
‘Mehmood has been Chief Executive
Officer of Hevolution Foundation
since October 2020. He was
previously CEO of Life Biosciences
Inc., and prior to that served as Vice
Chairman and Chief Scientific
Officer, Global Research and
Development at PepsiCo, Inc
Current external appointments

+ Chief Executive Officer of
Hevolution Foundation

+ Executive Chairman of Life
Biosciences lnc.

+ Chaieman of VCAT, US National
Institute of Standards and
Technology

+ Non-Executive Director of the
Saudi Research, Development and
Innovation Authority

+ Non-Executive Director of
International Flavors & Fragrances


‘Docusign Envelope 10: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

\rtge pon | covemance  tmancarsttement winerenematon Reckitt Anowl Report and Accounts 202462
Board Leadership continued

a a R R G
Elane Stock (60) Marybeth Hays (56) Fiona Dawson, CBE (58) Mahesh Madhavan (62) Stefan Oschmann (67)
Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director
Nationality Nationality Nationality Nationality Nationality
‘American American Irish indian German
Appointment Appointment Appointment Appointment Appointment

‘Appointed as a Non-Executive

Director in September 2018. Elane

was appointed as Designated NED

for Engagement with the Company's

Workforce in May 2024

‘Skills and experience

Elane brings great sector-relevant

experience and insight of consumer

goods products to the Board,

particularly in personal care and

wellness. She also brings key

knowledge of emerging markets

‘and the changing channels of trade

‘and consumer preferences,

Current external appointments

+ Director of Fomento Economico
Mexicano SAB de CV

Director changes during the year

Appointed as a Non-Executive

Director in February 2024

Skills and experience

Marybeth has considerable expertise

inmerchandising, marketing and

‘omnichannel, gained from 25 years

of general management experience

across global retail, healthcare and

consumer goods businesses,

including at Walmart.

Current external appointments

+ Non-Executive Director of
Decowraps

+ Non-Executive Director of
Leapfrog Brands

+ Non-Executive Director of AMS
Retail Solutions

‘Appointed as Non-Executive Director
in June 2024 and Chair Designate
for the Remuneration Committee.
Skills and experience
Fiona was previously Global President
Food, Drinks and Mutsales at Mars, nc
ln May 2021, Fiona was awarded a CBE
for services to women and the
economy. She is President of the
Chartered Management institute,
2 Trustee with the Social Mobility
Foundation, and was previously Chair
of the Women's Business Council
Current external appointments
+ Non-Executive Director of LEGO A/S
+ Non-Executive Director of Marks
and Spencer Group ple
+ Non-Executive Director
of Kerry Group PLC

Non-Executive Director from February 2015 and Cha of the Boar fom May 2018 unt he reed from the Board in May 2028

Non-Executive Director from February 2015 until she reve from the Board in May 2024,

Non-Executive Director from February 2022 and Chai of the Remuneration Committee from May 2022 untilhe retied
fom the Board in May 2024,

Olivier Bohuon Non-Executive Director from January 2021 unt his death in May 2024

deff care ‘Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director from Api 2020 until his retirement in March 2024,

Appointed as Non-Executive
Director in January 2025 and is 2
member of the Remuneration
Committee.

Skills and experience
Mahesh is CEO of Bacardi and joined
in 1997, where he held several
regional leadership roles before
being promoted to CEO in 2017. He
has successfully led the company's
growth and transformation,
providing stabilty, a clear strategy,
and a dynamic culture for
organisational success. Previously,
Mahesh held various roles at
International Distilers & Vintners,
FCD Draft Advertising and Wipro
Consumer Products.
Current external appointments
+ Chief Executive Officer of
Bacardi Limited
+ Non-Executive Director of
Capri Holdings

Appointed as Non-Executive
Director in January 2025
and is a member of the
Compliance Committee.

Skills and experience
Stefan Oschmann is the former CEO
‘and Chair of Merck KGaA which he
joined in 2071 and became CEO and
CChair of Merck between 2016 and
2021. Prior to that Stefan spent
30 years at Merck & Co in various
leadership roles. Stefan brings strong
transformational experience in
science, healthcare and technology
Current external appointments
+ Non-Executive Director of Stamm
+ Non-Executive Director of
European Healthcare Acqui
&Growth
+ Non-Executive Director of
Springer Nature

+ Chair of AiCuris Anti-Infective
Cures

‘The two members inthe grey bores above joined the Boars on January 2025,

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

‘Yeatege reper

Rechte Aral Report and Accounts 202863.

Senior Leadership

GROUP EXECUTIVE
COMMITTEE

Experienced, diverse and balanced

Kris Licht (48)

‘Shannon Eisenhardt (50)

Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
For biography see page 60 For biography see page 60

Group Executive Committee changes during the year

Reason or change

Jett Carr (Chief Financial Officer who joined Reckitt in
‘Apt 2020 and retired in March 2024

Volker Kuba President Hygiene who joined Reckitt in August
2020 and left in December 2024

Pat Sly President Health who joined Reckitin July 2017
and leftin December 2024

‘Sami naffakh Chief Supply Officer win joined Reckit in uy

2020 and left in July 2024

Filippo Catalano

Chie Information and Digitisation Officer
who joined Reckitt in Aptil 2021 and eft
in October 2024,

Fabrice Beaulieu

Chief Marketing, Sustainability and Corporate
Affairs Officer who joined Reckitt in 1999 and
leftin December 2024

‘Susan Sholtis (58)
President Nutrition

Nationality
‘American

Key skills and experience
Susan joined Reckitt as
President Nutrition in July
2023. Susan has a deep
knowledge of the Nutrition
business, having previously
worked for over Tl years at
Mead Johnson Nutrition and
Reckitt in a number of senior
leadership roles in the US and
Europe, including general
‘management, marketing

and sales.

Angela Naef, PhD (49)
Chief R&D Officer

Nationality
American

Key skills and experience
‘Angela joined Reckitt as Chief
R&D Officer in September
2020 and is responsible for
elevating Reckitt’s science
capability and platforms as
well as for driving external
partnerships. She is focused
‘on enabling the R&D
‘organisation to deliver
meaningful solutions
addressing the mega

trends and sustainability

to deliver growth,

Ranjay Radhakrishnan (54)
Chief Human Resources Officer

Nationality
British

Key skills and experience
Ranjay joined Reckitt as Chief
Human Resources Officer in
March 2020, Ranjay has over
30 years’ experience in the
human resources function
across different geographies
and industries. Prior to joining
Reckitt, Ranjay was the Chief
Human Resources Officer at
InterContinental Hotels Group
pic and spent over two
decades at Unilever in senior
leadership roles,

Catheryn O'Rourke (52)
General Counsel &
Company Secretary
Nationality

American

Key skills and experience
Catheryn joined Reckitt

in February 2022 and

is responsible for legal

and compliance matters
actoss the Group. She brings
to Reckitt more than 20 years
of professional expertise

in running global legal

and compliance teams,
‘managing litigation and
corporate transactions,
advising on financial reporting
{and disclosure and supporting
board governance.

Docusign Envelope 1D: FS4EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£64236709C84

‘esepertepor | tovemance.  rarca tatements okra mformavon Recktt Ant Report and Accounts 20246
Senior Leadership continued °

Harald Emberger (59) Ryan Dullea (47) Jérdme Lemaire (51) Eric Gilliot (58) Nitish Kapoor (56)

Chief Supply Officer Chief Category Growth Officer President North America President Europe President Emerging Markets
Nationality Nationality Nationality Nationality Nationality

German ‘American French French Indian

Key skills and experience Key skills and experience Key skills and experience Key skills and experience Key skills and experience

Harald joined Reckitt as Chief Supply
Officer in July 2024 and is responsible
for Reckitt’s end-to-end supply chain
‘operations, procurement, and the
Health & Safety and Corporate
Security functions.

Harald is @ seasoned supply executive
‘who has led multiple large scale.
supply chain transformation efforts.

He brings many years of supply chain
leadership across all regions of the
globe and has held senior leadership
‘les at Beiersdort AG, Unilever

and Mars.

Ryan joined Reckitt in 2019.
With his Reckitt and previous
experiences, Ryan brings 2
comprehensive understanding
of our consumers and categories
across multiple geographies
having lived and worked in Asia,
Europe and North America

bis career spans over 25 years,
during which he has gained

a blend of experiences in
Consulting, marketing, an sales
with companies like P&G and
Accenture. Ryan has worked
across all aspects of the value
Creation process from upstream
innovation all the way through to
general management and sales.

The four members inthe grey boxes above joined the Group Executive Commitee on January 2025

JerOme joined Reckitt in 1998,
He has broad experience in
senior leadership rales in general
management and marketing
‘across North America, the
United Kingdom, Australia

and the Netherlands.

Eric has been at Reckitt for
26 years. Since joining Reckitt
in 1998, Eric has held various
leadership positions across
several global markets,

In 2020, he was appointed
Chief Customer Officer
International and SVP Global
Sales and in October 2022,
hhe was appointed EVP
North America, Hygiene.

Nitish joined Reckitt in India as
‘a Management Trainee in 1993,
Over three decades he has
worked in india, the US, Europe
and Africa in sales, marketing,
global category and general
management roles.

Nitish was appointed EVP Global
Health categories in 2020 and
EVP of the Fuel for Growth
transformation programme

in 2023.

‘Yeawege reper overnance nasncit statements

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckht Arnos! Report and Accounts 2028

6s

Reckitt's Approach to Governance

COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE

‘Compliance with the UK Corporate
Governance Code

For the year ended 31 December 2024, the
Company complied with all the principles

and provisions of the UK Corporate Governance
Code 2018 (the Code) and the Disclosure
Guidance and Transparency Rules requirements
to provide a corporate governance statement.
Pages 58-138 of this report form our
Corporate Governance Statement. Details

‘of how the principles of the Code have been

How we comply with the Code

applied can be found throughout this report,
the Strategic report, and the Committee
reports as set out below.

The Board has received an update in relation
to the changes to the Code following the
publication of the UK Corporate Governance
Code 2024 and intends to be compliant with
all the new relevant provisions within the
timeframes indicated. The Board has carried
‘out an evaluation of the changes required

in the reporting requirements.

Pages
1. Board leadership and Company Purpose

Promoting the long-term, sustainable success of the Company +57
Purpose, values and culture 8971
Strategic priorities and objectives 10-16
Stakeholder engagement 14-77
Workforce engagement 974
2. Division of responsibilities

Role of Chair, Non-Executive Directors and Group Company Secretary 67-68
Board composition 60-62
3. Composition, succession and evaluation

Appointments to the Board and succession planning 81-84
Balanced Board 60-62, 85
Board performance 79-80
4, Audit, risk and internal control

Audit Committee Report 36-93
Principal risks and uncertainties 52-56
5. Remuneration

Directors’ Remuneration Committee Report 96-133

Board skills as at 31 December 2024
Consumer goods
Health and pharmaceuticals
CEO experience
Management and leadership experience
Financial expertise
Transformation and strategy
Remuneration and culture experience
Marketing and digital,
LUclisted companies
Governance and compliance

SG (including ciate)

n

w

‘usage reper overance,

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD'-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£842967C9C84

Rechte Anrual Report and Accounts 2024 66

Reckitt's Approach to Governance continued

Board roles and responsibilities
The Board is responsible for the effective
leadership of the Group and for promoting

its long-term sustainable success, generating
value for shareholders and contributing to
‘wider society, whilst focusing on governance
with the highest cegard to the principles of the
Code. The Board provides leadership by setting
cour Purpose, strategy and values, monitoring
ur culture and ensuring alignment with our
Purpose and Compass, and overseeing
implementation by management. All Directors
‘must act with integrity, lead by example and
‘promote the Company's culture and values.
The Board also ensures there are appropriate
processes in place to manage risk, including
the Company's risk appetite, and monitors
financial and operational performance against
objectives. The Board consists of a balance

of Executive and Non-Executive Directors

who together have collective accountability to
Reckitt's shareholders as well as responsibilty
for the overriding strategic, financial and
‘operational objectives and direction of Reckitt.

The Board manages the overall leadership
of the Group with reference to its formal
‘Schedule of Matters Reserved for the Board.
This schedule is reviewed annually, with the
last review undertaken in November 202.
and broadly covers:

+ Matters which are legally required to be
considered or decided by the Board, such
as approval of Reckitt's Annual Report
and Financial Statements, declaration of
dividends and appointment of new Directors

+ Matters recommended by the Code
to be considered by the Board, such as
terms of reference for the Board and its
Committees, review of internal controls
and risk management

+ Compliance with regulations governing UK
publicly listed companies, such as the UK
Listing Rules, the Disclosure Guidance and
Transparency Rules and the Prospectus,
Regulation Rules

+ Matters relating to developments in, or
changes to, the Group's strategic direction,
(or material corporate or financial transactions

The full Schedule of Matters Reserved for the
Board is available on the Reckitt website at
wewwreckitt.comyinvestors/corporate-governance.

Risk management and internal controls
The Board has overall responsibilty for internal
Controls and risk management along with
compliance with the Code and the Financial
Reporting Counc’ (FRC) Guidance on Risk
Management, internal Control and Related
Financial and Business Reporting, The sectors
‘and environment within which Reckitt operates
‘are dynamic and fast-moving, and in some
areas, highly regulated, and so controls are
kept under review.

On an ongoing basis, the Board reviews the
effectiveness of the Group's risk management
‘and intemal control system, including through
‘monitoring reports from management on

its assessment of risks and internal control
systems, assurance received from
‘management regarding compliance with

relevant policies, and assurance received on
the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control environment. In addition, the Board
reviews reports from the Audit Committee, the
Internal Audit function and the External Auditor,
‘and the Company's response to incidents and
threats, including those relating to cyber
security and safety.

The Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board,
oversees the Group's overall Risk Management
Framework, and the effectiveness of internal
controls and monitors Reckitt's compliance
with the requirements of the Code in respect
Of risk management and internal controls. The
Audit Committee monitored the key elements
Of the Group's internal controls framework
‘throughout the year and conducted an annual
review of the effectiveness of Reckitt's system
Of risk management and internal control in
respect of 2024, which covered all material
controls, including financial, operational and
‘compliance controls. The Audit Committee's
annual review was supported by a report
prepared by the Internal Audit function on the
Group's risk management and internal controls.

‘The Audit Committee Report can be found on
pages 86-93,

Principal risks and risk appetite

{As part of our risk management process,

we regularly evaluate risks related to achieving
our objectives and the likelihood of such risks
‘materialising and impacting the ability of the
Group to cope with the circumstances should
they occur. In doing so, we are inherently
considering our risk appetite through the

actions taken, controls implemented and
processes followed to reduce the likelihood
Of risk events taking place, mitigating the
potential impact and ensuring that the cost
Cf doing so is proportionate to the benefit
gained. Each principal and emerging risk

is overseen by the Board, or a designated
Committee of the Board, and is subject to
formal deep dive eviews as appropriate

at Board and GEC meetings.

During the year, the Directors undertook
a robust assessment of the principal and
‘emerging risks facing the Group, including
those that could threaten our business model,
future performance, solvency and liquidity.

The Group's principal and emerging risks
‘and mitigating actions are detailed on
pages 52-56.

Climate-related risk and environmental
social and governance (ESG) matters
The Board oversees, considers and reviews
the Group's ESG strategy and has oversight
Of the climate-related risks and opportunities.

‘As part of the Board's twice yearly review of
the principal and emerging risks, sustainability,
was considered. The Board's focus included
both ESG performance and reporting. More
information on our Sustainability Ambitions
can be found on page 38. The Viability
‘Staternent on page $7 provides further
disclosure on climate and ESG related risk
‘matters. Our Climate-Related Financial
Disclosures can be found on pages 218-222.

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C4B-408E-SBAC-E64A2367C9C84

‘Weatege reper awemance.  nasncir statements

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 67

How We Are Governed

Board roles and responsibilities
To ensure the Board performs effectively, there is a clear
division of responsibilities, set out in writing and agreed by the
Board, between the leadership of the Board and the Executive
leadership of the business. The key roles are defined in greater
detail on the following pages.

{A full description of the roles and responsibilities of the
Chair, CEO and Senior Independent Director can be
found on our website:

‘wewrnreckiti.comyinvestors{corporste- governance

Managing time commitment and ‘overboarding’

‘On appointment, Non-Executive Directors are made aware of
the need to, and are required to confirm that they wil, allocate
sufficient time to their role to discharge their responsibilities
effectively. They are also required to seek agreement from the
Chair before taking on additional commitments and to declare any
actual or potential conflicts of interest. Non-Executive Directors ae
‘engaged under the terms ofa letter of appointment. Intal terms
of appointment are for three years with three months’ notice, with
all Directors standing for election or re-election at every AGM,
The Board has reviewed the length of service of each Director
and considers that each Non-Executive Director standing for
re-election or election at this year’s AGM is independent.

{As noted in last year's report, following the retirement of Alan
Stewart from the Board at the 2024 AGM, to provide continuity
in relation to the Remuneration Committee, Mary Harris the
former Chair of the Remuneration Committee was reappointed
to the cole for a fixed term of one year between the 2024 and
2025 AGM, to enable a smooth transition when the role moves
to Fiona Dawson. Mary will retie at this year’s AGM and will not
put herself forward for re-election.

‘The Board is confident that each Director individually has the
expertise and relevant experience required to perform the role
of a Director ofa listed company and to contribute effectively

to the Board and Committees to which they are appointed.

The Company recognises the developmental advantages of

‘an external non-executive role on a non-competitor board and
Executive Directors are permitted to seek such a role, provided
that they do not take on more than one non-executive directorship
in,nor become the Chair of, a FTSE 100 company.

Neither Kris Licht or Shannon Eisenhardt hold any external
directorships at the date of this report

The Chair

+ Leading the Board and taking responsibilty
for the Boar's overal effectiveness in
directing the Company

+ Upholding the highest standards of integrity
and ethical leadership, leacing by example
and promoting a cuiture of openness and
debate, based on mutual respect, both in and
‘outside the boardroom andi line with our
Purpose, values strategy and culture

+ Chaiting Board, Nomination Committee
and shareholder meetings and setting
Board agendas,

The Chief Executive Officer

+ Principally responsible forthe day-to-day
management of Reckit, inline with the
strategic, financial and operational
‘objectives set by the Board

+ Chair ofthe GEC, consisting of the CEO, the
CCFO and senior management executives,
‘who together are responsible for execution
(of the Companys strategy and achieving
its commercial aims

‘The Senior Independent Director

+ Acting as sounding board for the Chair on
Board-elated matters

+ Acting as an intermediary for other
Directors as necessary

+ Encouraging constructive challenge and

facktating effective communication between
the Board, management, shareholders and
wider stakenoisers

+ Ensuring an appropriate balance is

maintained between the interests of
shareholders and other stakeholders

+ Leading the annual effectiveness review

process for the Board and ts Committees
and addressing any subsequent actions

+ Promoting the highest standards of

corporate governance

+ Effective development and implementation

of strategy and commercial objectives as
‘agreed by the Board

+ Maintaining reationships wth investors and

advising the Board accordingly

+ Managing Reckit’' risk profile and

establishing effective intemal controls

+ Ensuring there are effective communication

flows to the Board and the Chait, and that
they are regularly updated on key matters,
including progress on delivering strategic
objectives

+ Evaluating the Chair's performance on an

annual basis

Chaitin Board and Nomination Committee
‘meetings in the absence of the Chair

+ Building a well-balanced, diverse and highly

effective Board

+ Ensuring Directors receive accurate, timely

‘and clear information

+ Ensuring there are appropriate induction

‘and development programmes forall
Board members
Ensuring the long-term sustainability
‘of the Company

+ Regularly reviewing the organisational

structure, developing @ Group Executive
team and planning for succession

+ Providing clear leadership to promote

the desied culture, values and
‘behaviours to inspire and support
the Company's workforce

+ Ensuring the long-term sustainability

of the Business

Being availabe to shareholders and
stakeholders to address any concerns that
they have been unable to resolve through
formal channels

Leading the search and appointment
‘proces for a new Chair, when necessary

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C48-406E-SBAC-£642367C9C84

‘Wrawegerepat wovernance rnancarsttemens"Uiner rermavon

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 68

Board Roles and Responsibilities

Board support
The General Counsel & Company Secretary is responsible for
organising Board meetings, as well as collating any papers for
the Board to review and consider. Board and Committee papers
ate accessible to all Directors through a secure and confidential
electronic document storage facity. This facility is maintained
by Reckitt’s Secretariat function and additionally holds other
information which the Chair, the CEO or the General Counsel &
Company Secretary may deem useful tothe Directors, such as
press releases and pertinent Company information.

{Al Directors have individual access to advice from the General
Counsel & Company Secretary and a procedure exists for
Directors to take independent professional advice at the
‘Company's expense in furtherance of their duties.

‘The Chief Financial Officer

‘Supporting the CEO in
<eveloping and implementing
the Company's strategy

+ Leading the global finance function
‘and developing key talent and
planning for succession

Non-Executive Directors

Providing independent input into
Board decisions through constructive
‘challenge and debate, strategic
‘guidance and specialist experience

+ Setting and approving the
Company's long-term strategic,
financial and operational goals

+ Examining the day-to-day
‘management of the business against
the performance targets ang

+ Responsible for establishing and

‘maintaining adequate internal
controls over financial reporting and
for the preparation and integrity of
financial reporting

objectives set, ensuring that
‘management is held to account
Reviewing financial information

‘and ensuring itis complete, accurate
{and transparent

Ensuring there ae effective systems
of internal contol and risk
‘management and that these are
continually monitored and reviewed

+ Ensuring the Board receives

accurate, timely and clear
information in respect of the Group's
financial performance and position

+ Developing and recommending the

long-term strategie and financial plan

+ Setting appropriate levels of

remuneration for Executive
Directors and ensuring performance
targets are closely algned with
shareholder interests

Development of succession planning
and the appointment and removal
(of senior management

+ Taking into account and responding

to shareholders views

Designated Non-Executive Director for Engagement with the Company's Workforce

+ Overseeing the Board's engagement
with the Company's workforce,
together with management, to
Understand more about engagement
{and the culture of the Company

‘The Company Secretary

+ Providing advice and support to the
Chair and a Directors

+ Advising and keeping the Board
up to date on allelevant legal and
‘governance requirements and
‘ensuring the Company is compliant

+ Developing and implementing

employee engagement initiatives

+ Ensuring the Board receives high

Quality, timely information in advance
Of Board meetings to ensure
effective discussion

+ Facitating an induction programme

for al Board members Ensuring there

+ Providing an employee voice in the

boardroom and reporting on matters
felating to Company culture, purpose
{and improvements

ate policies and processes in place to
help the Board function efficiently
and effectively

+ Kéeping abreast of shareholders’ views

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Yeawegerepat. wovemance rnanca statements uinernermaton Reckit Annual Report and Accounts 202469

Governance Framework

The Company has a clear and effective

governance structure, which allows the Board, ‘Shareholders
its Committees and the Executive team to (ur shareholders are the ultimate owners of the Company and play an important role in the governance structure. Further information on our engagement with
make decisions effectively. The Board has shareholders can be found on pages 36 and 76

established four Committees to assist in the
execution ofits responsibilities. Each

Committee operates under terms of reference Qur Board
approved by the Board. The terms of reference The goarascolectivelyrexponsble forthe overall leadership ofthe Group and or promoting its lng-teim sustainable success whist focusing ons strategie
ate reviewed regularly, withthe last review rection Purpose, volves ond governance with the highest regard tothe principles of the Cove, Theresa clear ivion of responses between the Goa
taking place in November 2024. There are also ts Committes and Management Commitees

three supporting Managernent Committees:
the Disclosure Committee, the Group Executive
‘Committee (GEC), and the Group Compliance

Committee (600). Nomination Committee ‘Audit Committee Remuneration Committee Compliance Committee
Chaired by Sir Jeremy Darroch Chaired by Andrew Bonfield Chaired by Mary Harris Chaired by Mehmood Khan
Responsibe for making Responsible for monitecing the Responsible for assisting the Responsible for supporting the
recommendations tothe Board integrity of Reekit’s Financial Board in futting its oversight Board in reviewing, monitoring and
(on suitable candidates for Statements and ensuring responsibilty by ensuring thatthe ‘assessing the Company's approach
‘appointment tothe 80a. effective functioning of intemal Remuneration Policy and toethcal and compliant corporate
its Committees and senior audit, internal controls and isk practices reward fey and ‘conduct and to assist the Board in
‘management and to regularly management. tis aso responsibly, ae linked to ‘Upholding its Compass
review and refresh theit response fox managing the corporate and individual
Composition to ensure that they Company’s relationship wth its performance and take account of
Comprise a diverse group of External Auditor the generally accepted principles
individuals with the necessary of good governance. The
‘kil, knowledge and experience Committee i responsible for
tweffectively discharge their Getermiing the remuneration for
‘esponsibiities the Chair Executive Diectors and

senior management
Read move on page 81 Read more on page 86 Read more on page 96 Read more on page 94

Disclosure Group Executive Committee Group Compliance Committet
Committee Chaired by CEO Chaired by CEO
‘Chaired by CFO Responsible for overseeing Reckitt’s management and ensuring Provides oversight of risk across the organisation
Responsible for eneuring collaboration between functions and in-market operations. and makes recommendations to the Compliance
accuracy and timebness Itrecommends and implements the strategy and related budget Committee for actions tobe taken in respect of the
of eisclosure of financial {3s approved by the Board. The GEC drives business and cultural Group's legal compliance and ethics, product quality,
nd other pubic ‘ransformation, reviews business performance and approves consumer Safety and regulatory matters, nchding

business development plans and major investments. It plays compliance strategies, pocies, programmes and

announcements
2 critical roe in talent management and development key activities
‘and oversees the integration of sustainability within
business operations -

eaege repo owerance

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Annual Repor and Accounts 2028 70,

Governance Framework continued

How we manage conflicts of interest
Directors have a duty to avoid interests, direct
‘oF indirect, which might conflict with the
interests of the Group. Under the terms of our
Articles, such conflicts can be authorised by
the Board. Procedures are in place to manage
and, where appropriate, approve such conflicts
‘Any authorisations granted by the Board are
recorded by the General Counsel & Company
Secretary in a Register of Conflicts, together
with the date on which the conflict was
authorised. Any conflicts authorised during the
year are reviewed annually by the Nomination
‘Committee and the Board. In addition, each
Director certifies on an annual basis that the
information contained in the Register of
Conflicts is correct.

The Company indemnifies the Directors and
Officers of the Company and any Group
‘subsidiary to the extent permitted by law in
respect of the legal defence costs for claims
against them and third-party lailities. The
indemnity would not provide cover for a
Director or Officer if that individual was found.
tohave acted fraudulently or dishonestly.
Directors’ and Officers’ liability insurance cover
‘was maintained throughout the year at the
‘Company's expense.

How Board meetings are structured
Board meetings are conducted in an open
‘atmosphere conducive to challenge and
debate. Agendas are tailored to the
requirements of the business and agreed
in advance by the Chair and CEO with
the support of the General Counsel &
‘Company Secretary

The Board receives operating and financial
reports from the CEO and CFO on strategic
and business developments, as wel as financial
performance and forecasts at each meeting
Specific presentations are also made by
‘non-Board members on material matters to
the Group. In addition, the Chairs of the Aucit,
Remuneration, Compliance and Nomination
Committees update the Board on the
proceedings of those meetings, including

key topics and areas of concern

‘At the conclusion of every scheduled Board
meeting, the Chair holds a session with the
other Non-Executive Directors, without the
Executive Directors present, providing further
‘opportunity for the Non-Executive Directors
to assess the performance of management
and individual Executive Directors and help
dhive future agenda items,

The Board uses its meetings as a way of
discharging its responsibilities, including as
set out in section 172 of Companies Act 2006,
to promote the success of the Company

for the benefit of its members as a whole.
Further information can be found on page 78.

Board and Committee meeting
attendance

tn 2024, there were five scheduled
Board meetings.

The table opposite sets out the attendance by
Directors at scheduled Board and Committee
‘meetings that each Director was eligible to
attend. Directors who were not members of
individual Board Committees were also invited
to attend one or more meetings of those
Committees during the year.

uate Compliance Nomination

Committee Committ mi Committ
Meetings Meetings «Meetings -—«Meetings. Meetings

SirJeremy Darroch $m we 95

iis Licht 6 a“

Shanon Eisenhardt 9

Andrew Bonfield a “ 2

Margherita Della Valle 9 “ "

Marybeth Hays ss we 1

ary Haris 5

Tamara ingram 6 a“

Mehmood khan 8 ut

lane Stock 8 “

Fiona Dawson 7” 8

Olivier Bohuon® we w ™

Pam Ktby? 2 2” R

Chis Sincla™ 2 we a m

Alan Stewart 2 "

Jeff Can w

Where a Director is unavoidably absent from a Board or Committee meeting, they stil receive
{and review the papers for the meeting and may provide verbal or written input ahead of the
‘meeting, usually through the Chair of the Board or the Chair of the relevant Committee, so
that their views are considered at the meeting,
1 ter Bann Ne Ect Ohect Hom Sy 20 i eh 202

Pam Ho Enea Ou om Feb 05 wae eed lm he Bony 2024
‘ve Sr ar ace rete for Feb 20 ara fb Boss Kom My 238 hated am ne Bos My 224
‘en Sowa: areca Drei om Feb 2022 Cho the Remeron Comet May 202 ude vee rm he
eosin 220
Sl ca Cn Fact fend sate Diem Ap 202 whi iene inhch 22

Docusign Envelope ID: F54CSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642967C9C84

‘watape reper Governance

Recklt Anna! Report and Accounts 2024 71

Purpose and Culture

PURPOSE, COMPASS AND
LEADERSHIP BEHAVIOURS

(Our Purpose

We exist to

PROTECT,
HEAL AND NURTURE

inthe pursuit of a cleaner
and healthier world

(Our Compass and
Leadership Behaviours

oon spon cme

Our people and culture

Reckitt is rooted in a culture that is purpose
riven, innovative and entrepreneurial. Our
Leadership Behaviours unite us through a
shared ambition to Own, to Create, to Deliver
‘and, above all,to Care about the outcomes we
deliver. Doing the right thing, always, is at the
centre of our Compass, which guides our
business and the Leadership Sehaviours that
drive our success. Our people are what makes
Reckitt unique. They believe in and are inspired
by our Purpose. Over the last five years, we
have established deep cultural foundations that
empower our people as the key value drivers
of our business. We defined our Leadership
Behaviours to place a greater emphasis on care
as we serve the needs of all our stakeholders.
We elevated the importance of teamwork in
delivering outcomes and protecting against
the pursuit of results at any cost. More
information on our culture can be found on
pages 8-9 of the Strategic Report.

How the Board monitors culture

A-key focus of the Board is to monitor and
‘support culture and ensure alignment across
‘our Purpose, values, and behaviours. Our
culture and values at Reckitt are defined by the
Board and the GEC. We are evolving a vibrant,
inclusive and collaborative culture to deliver on
‘our Purpose. By embedding inclusivity, all
colleagues should fee! free to participate fully,
bring their authentic selves to work and realise
their full potential. Regular interactions with
‘employees help the Board monitor culture and
are detailed in the table opposite,

How we monitor culture

Boardinteractions and engagement to monitor culture throughout the year

Connecting directly
with employees

Board members meet with employees regularly. ln her role as Designated NED for
Engagement with the Company's Workforce, lane Stock attended meetings with
vatious employee groups throughout the year, where employees were able to speak
‘directly with her. The Board received feedback from Elane on these discussions.
Further information on Elane’s role as Designated NED for Engagement with the
‘Company's Workforce can be found on page 74

Creating a forum for

ERGS are employee networks that aim to aise the visibility of underrepresented

employees tobe communities. They provide a space for colleagues to connect and support each

heard other and are also represented on the Global Inclusion Board. n addition, throughout
the year Elane Stock has maintained regular engagement with various employee
‘groups, including the ERGS,

Ensuring employees _Guarierly al-empioyee global ive-streaming results are broadcast held by the CEO,

CFO and Group Executive Committee members to present our financial results and.
employees are invited to ask questions and interact directly with presenters,

Staying informed of
egal and compliance
matters

"At each Board meeting, the Complance Committee Chair reports to'the Board on
legal compliance and ethics matters, including the Groups Speak Up programme,
which provides safe communication channels for employees wishing to raise
concerns on potential violations of regulations, internal policies or any misconduct
observed at Reckitt. A deep dive was also provided to the Audit Committee during
the year ia relation to the results and action plan following the investigation inthe
Middle East between the end of 2023 and frst half of 2024. More details can be
found within the Aucit Committee report on page 90.

Maintaining open
‘communications

Following the strategy update announced in July 2024 the CEO broadcast alive
all-employee update on the new strategy and the plans forthe future. This
broadcast gave employees the opportunity to ask questions and further updates
hhave been provided to empioyees on the company intranet ‘Rubi.


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Weawege reper overance rmancarstatemens  Uanermormaton

Rockit AnnualReport and Accounts 202472

Board Activities

2024 BOARD ACTIVITIES

Information low ‘Outcomes, benefits and considerations

Information flow

Governance and oversight continued

Talent, succession and
Board composition

Link to stakeholders

1 Customers 5 Governments, and
2 People industry associations
3 Partners © Consumers

4 Communities 7” Shareholders

‘Outcomes, benefits and considerations

Unkstostakeholders 122 4 5° 7
(Oversight of Group talent planning and succession, including serior
‘management succession and retention

Update on the new structure following the strategy update and change
In roles for the senior management team across the Group

Considered and approved Board changes, including succession planning
‘and the appointment of new Non-Executive Directors as detailed on
ages 62, 81-85

Strategy Unkstostakeholders 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
Group plans and budgets - Reviewed the Group's financial pian for 2025
+ Reviewed and approved the 3 year plan
+ Reviewed forecasts and business performance
Strategy Discussed and approved the new strategy and received regular updates
‘on progress
During the November 2024 meeting, Board members discussed the
‘progress on the new strategy and the innovation pipeline for 2025
+ Received updates on competitive environment and broader
‘market developments
Received an update from the Chief Supply Officer
Mergers and acquisitions - Oversight of potential merger and acquisitions (MBA) activities and

portfolio strategy

Business updates ~ Reviewed the business performance inthe markets
+ Deep dives on functions such as Finance, HR, Supply, T& Digital

‘and Cyber Security

‘Shareholders and
stakeholders

~ Reviewed and approved the 2024 Notice of AGH
+ Held the 2024 AGM in person. Shareholders had the opportunity to

pre-submit questions as well as ask the Board questions during the
‘meeting alongside voting on the proposed resolutions

+ Held Board and employee engagement meetings to understand

‘employee views

+ The Designated Non-Executive Director provided regular updates to the

Board on engagement activities. Move details can be found on page 71

Governance and oversight

Board and Committee
performance review

Linkstostakeholders 1 2 3 4 8 7

+ Conducted the annual internal 2024 Board effectiveness review and had
‘oversight of Committee performance reviews.

Identified areas for improvement and recommended actions for 2025

Considered and proactively addressed actions from the 2023 Board
effectiveness review

+ Reviewed and approved the external evaluator for the 2025 external
Board effectiveness review

Legal and Compliance

~ Reviewed and approved governance matiers, such as the Schedule of

Matters Reserved for the Board, roles of Chair, CEO and SID, Committee
terms of reference, Directors conficts of interest and compliance with the
Code and best practice

+ Reviewed and approved the updated share dealing policy and code
+ Kept abreast of upcoming changes in the UK corporate governance and

regulatory framework
‘Approved Reckitts 2023 Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement

+ Received updates and discussed itigation matters including product

lability actions related to Necrotizing Enterocolitis,


Docusign Envelope ID: F54CSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Yeatege reper. eavernance nascar statements oater nermavon

echt Annual Repor and Accounts 2028

a

Board Activities continued

Information flow ‘Outcomes, benefits and considerations
ESG Links to stakeholders 1248 7
ESG + Reviewed the Group's sustainability strategy and approach, including

progress against the delivery of our Sustainability Ambitions
+ Received updates on sustainability activities and initiatives
+ Undertook a deep dive on ESG and climate change

Risk management and internal controls Unkstostakeholders | 2 9 4 5 8 7
Principal and Emerging ~ Conducted an annual review of Reckit’s principal and emerging risks and
Risks. ‘consideration of risk management approach

+ Reviewed the appropriateness and effectiveness of the system of
intesnal control and risk management

+ Received an update on Artificial nteligence which included an overview
(of the Company's governance framework relating to the acceptable use
ofl

+ Undertook a deep dive on Cyber Security

Financial Linksto stakeholders 234-8 6 7
Reporting + Reviewed and approved Reckitt's Annual Report and Financial
Statements including compliance with reporting requirements

+ Reviewed and approved Reckitt’s full-year, half-year and quarterly resuits

+ Provided resuits presentations to investors and employees during the year

+ Reviewed and approved the announcement in elation to the
strategy update

Going concern Reviewed long-term going concern and Kquidity considerations

Considered and approved the 2023 Annual Report Viability Statement
‘upon recommendation of the Audit Committee

Financial resources ~ Reviewed the Company’ financial position, Group debt and funding
acrangements and capital allocation

+ Approved a bond issuance
+ Approved continuation of the sha
+ Approved the final 2023 and interim 2024 cividend payments

‘buyback programme

Treasury policies ~ Reviewed and approved the Group's Treasury paces


‘rawepe pot Governance:

Docusign Envelope 1D: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 202474

Maintaining the Trust of Stakeholders

Understanding the needs

and expectations of our stakeholders.
is fundamental to our Purpose.

‘Our business can only grow and prosper

by acting in the long-term interests of our
consumers and customers, our people,

Our people

Our colleagues collectively help fulfil
our Purpose to protect, heal and
nurture in the pursuit of a cleaner,
healthier world.

‘our suppliers, our investors and shareholders,
{and the communities in which we operate

Our commitment to Do the right thing. Always"
guides us in acting responsibly and with
integrity, putting people first, seeking out new
‘opportunities, striving for excellence and

We believe in nurturing a workplace that
‘supports and encourages all colleagues to
thrive. The talent, skills, experience and values.
‘our colleagues bring and continuously develop
strengthen our organisation,

We engage to build strong relationships with
‘our people, ensuring an understanding of

building shared success with our stakeholders.
For us, high standards of corporate governance
and incorporating stakeholder voices into our
decision making are central to maintaining that
integrity and trust, and strengthen our
long-term relationships.

Reckitt’ strategic direction and the role that
every one of us plays in contributing to our
collective success.

Intum, we strive to provide an inclusive,
fulfiling and high-performing workplace where
everyone has the Freedom to Succeed

How we engage

Group

+ Internal communications tools are used to
inform, build connection and enable
collaboration across the business. Our goal is
to support two-way communication and
dialogue with our people and there are a
‘umber of key mechanisms that enable this

+ Regular global townhall and broadcasts for
all employees, hosted by the CEO and Group
‘Executive Committee (GEC), including
live-streamed QBs plus supporting market
‘and function-specific townhalls

+ Targeted communications by function
focused on building strategic alignment,
excellence in execution, collaboration and
building functional capabilities

+ Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) which
provide a space for colleagues to connect
‘and support each other and share views with
the business through regular touchpoints

+ Informal forums, focus groups and listening
sessions with leaders

+ Aregular news feed provided through our
intranet, Rubi, supported by informal
channels for colleagues to share updates,
insights and news

+ Throughout 2024, we have informed, consulted
‘and engaged with our people and local works.
councils and trades unions on the proposed
changes to our organisation, where relevant
‘and inline with local guidance and legislation

Board
+ Elane Stock, our Designated Non-Executive
Director for Employee with the Company's
Workforce, maintains regular engagement
with various employee groups, including the

Group's ERGs

+ Various Board members visited Reckitt sites
throughout the year to engage directly with
‘employees, including Parsippany and
Montvale in the US, Hull and Slough in the UK,
‘and Delhi in India

+ The Board's Compliance Committee receives
updates on employee concerns raised
through Speak Up and ensures proper
follow-up and action, as appropriate

+ The Board reviewed and provided input on
proposed changes to the performance
‘evaluation and talent development
processes to ensure they are aligned with
Reckitt’s strategy, build critical organisational
capabilities, and provide equitable growth
‘opportunities to all employees

2024 outcomes of engagement

+ During the year, we hosted two global townhal
focused on strategy, performance and results.
(ur half-year update, which focused on the
strategic direction of the business, had the
highest numberof lve attendees plus
subsequent views of the live event recording,
and received over 400 questions

+ Following the half-year strategic update,
colleague ‘Strategy Hub’ was introduced
specificaly to provide regular updates on
developments, with organisational changes
reflected in a new look platform from January
2025. The bespoke hub received over 34,000
total views.

+ In 2025 a new continuous listening strategy will
be introduced, providing further opportunity
for colleagues to give timely feedback

‘The Designated Non-Executive Director
for Engagement with the Company's
Workforce is Elane Stock who was
appointed to the role following the AGM
in May 2024

This ole follows an agreed plan of

work which builds on existing channels

of communication and fosters new
engagement opportunities. It faciitates
and complements ful-Board engagement
activities by, strengthening the depth of
employee sentiment and representing
relevant concerns within discussions

and decision making

Since taking over the role in May,
I've had the opportunity tomeet
with many of Reckitt's employees
across the world. These
discussions have provided me
with a wide range of views and!
have enjoyed the variety of
conversations I've had with the
teams I've met. Ihave shared the
views and insights with the Board
to ensure they are meaningful
inputs into our decisions. am
looking forward to continued
engagement in 2025.

‘Yemege reper eavernance

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Annual Repor and Accounts 2028 75,

Maintaining the Trust of Stakeholders continued’

‘Our consumers

Putting consumers and people first is
a guiding principle for our business.

ur consumers want products that are safe,
effective and provide value for money.
Increasingly, they also want reassurance that the
products they trust are responsibly sourced,
with consideration and care for the people who
‘make them and for natural resources.

Consumer insight drives our innovation
programme, helping us to provide trusted,
quality products that help meet consumers"
health, hygiene and nutritional needs.

By reaching more people in more places, we

{grow our business and increase our impact. We
do that by gaining and retaining people's trust.

Our customers

Our partnerships with our retail
customers and distributors are the way in
which consumers access our products.

Aside from the merchandising opportunities
they provide, retailers also offer us vital
feedback on evolving consumer priovities and
patterns of demand. This informs our product
and service innovation programmes and helps
Us to better meet consumers’ needs.

We aim to build strong and successful
‘customer relationships and partnerships
founded on common purpose that ultimately
help us to grow our business.

{In turn, we aim to exceed our customers’
‘expectations through successful innovation,
efficient execution and high-quality products,
and service that help our customers to grow
their own businesses,

How we engage

Group and Board

+ Our products are chosen by millions of
‘consumers each day and we collect
‘consumer insights through our sales teams,
supply chain partners, customer and
‘consumer teams. Most of our products are
sold through our retail customers who
provide us with feedback on consumer
priorities (see more in Customers on the
fight of this page)

+ Our sensory and consumer science labs
Combine this insight and feedback with
behavioural analytics to develop superior
solutions grounded in science

+ Through our brands, we work to forge
emotional connections with our consumers
by delivering products and solutions that
meet their needs and reflect their values

+ The Board benefits from consumer insights
in making category growth decisions

2024 outcomes of engagement

+ Based on consumer insights, during the year
we developed and launched our new Vanish
(Oxi Action formula, Durex Basic HA, Lysol Air
Sanitizer, Mucinex Mighty Chews and Nurofen
sustained release

+ We continued our multi-year Nurofen ‘See My
Pain’ campaign highlighting the Gender Pain
Gap and our Finish ‘Skip My Rinse’ campaign
in the US

+ Our brand certifications such as Cradle
to Cradle and Fair Rubber, qualify our
products within Amazon's Climate
Pledge Friencly programme, and continue
to support consumers in making more
sustainable choices

How we engage

Group

+ In.2024 we welcomed a new Chief Customer
Officer for the Group, based in North
‘America, focused on customer engagement,
delivering profitable results and accelerating
sales growth through execution excellence

+ Customer relationships are coordinated
globally regionally or nationally through our
customer service and sales teams. Joint
‘meetings and workshops are used to define
and build shared objectives, both commercial
and non-financial, gree strategy and action
plans, performance and growth metrics

+ We-develop joint sustsinabilty business
plans with many of our customers to help
deliver on collective goals such as plastics
‘and packaging reduction and emissions
avoidance, Operationally, we provide
‘ongoing support through our category,
shopper, sustainability, channel and format,
and regional specialists

+ In support of proposed changes to Reckitt, our
CEO contacted our global customers and our
sales team colleagues were provided with
bespoke materials to engage customers on
the changes and what it will mean for them

Board

+ The Board recognises the importance of
understanding our customers and we
Continue to strengthen our Board capability
in this area with the recent appointments of
Fiona Dawson and Mahesh Madhavan

2024 outcomes of engagement

+ Reckitt achieved Giga Guru status within
Walmant’s supply chain initiative, Project
Gigaton, which aims to avoid one gigatonne
of GHG emissions by 2030. This recognition
demonstrates environmental leadership
‘among Walmart suppliers, a commitment
to innovation, and successful emissions
reduction

+ Together with Tesco in the UK, we continued
‘to work to enhance the availablity of self care
‘and wellness ranges in store, accompanied by
‘an increase in in-store literacy to support
‘consumer choice in key categories

+ Reckitt won the Australian Packaging
‘Covenant Organisation (APCO) education
‘award for our work in developing and
leveraging sustainability packaging data
‘across Our organisation and the broader
industry and a reduced cost to serve


Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C4B-406E-SBAC-E64236709C84

Sstepe fepor | uovernonce "Hana statements une AMston Reckitt Anml Report and Accounts 202876
Maintaining the Trust of Stakeholders continued

Our suppliers and partners Our investors
Maintaining long-term relationships _emissions and water use, and protecting local___ Investors provide financial capital in _ institutional and retail, as well.as sell-side

with suppliers and partners helps us
to protect business continuity, drive
innovation and deliver our
Sustainability Ambitions.

Ensuring our supplier relationships are founded
on high standards helps us to drive progress
across the value chain, From ensuring the fair
treatment of workers, to reducing carbon

‘ecosystems and nature, our engagement is
helping to build resilience and maximise
‘opportunities for al,

Insights from across the value chain help us to
understand long-term trends, build action
programmes, guide innovation and develop
‘expertise and capabilities to meet future
challenges in partnership with our suppliers.

the form of equity and debt, which
underpins our business and enables
us to execute our strategy. In return,
investors expect attractive returns
through capital appreciation,
dividends, share buybacks or interest.

(Our investment community includes current
shareholders and prospective investors, mainly

research analysts investment and financing
banks and ratings agencies. Many of our
employees form part ofthis shareholder
community to

Our investor Relations activities promote an
‘open, consistent and transparent dialogue with
these stakeholders, aiming to inform investors
and market participants of key attributes of our
financial performance and strategy.

How we engage

Group

+ We host regional supplier capabilty-building
events in partnership with industry peers,
where local suppliers are invited to attend
land share best practice on salient topics

+ We have centralised more supplier
‘relationships and procurement activity to
monitor supplier performance and enable
best practice sharing

+ We conduct regular supplier audits based on
past performance and risk. Where needed,
‘we work with suppliers through our
capability building programme to help
improve processes and raise standards

+ We engage with healthcare practitioners
internationally to exchange information, share
best clinical practice and sponsor research,
‘We also contribute our expertise to
professional journals, international
symposiums and congresses

+ In support of proposed changes to Reckitt,
‘our CEO contacted our global suppliers and
partners and our procurement team was
provided with bespoke materials to support
their engagement with individual partners

Board

+ The Board receives briefings from the Supply
function on our key supplier relationships,
including in the context of progress against
our wider supply strategy

2024 outcomes of engagement
+ During the year, we developed new Supplier
Sustainability Standards which include nine

targets covering emissions, renewable
energy, water reduction and waste. To
support this engagement and our
procurement activity, we developed a range
Of tools and resources including a buyer
guide and playbook

+ In addition, Reckitt is a member of the
Sustainable Markets Initiative Health Systems
Taskforce, which brings together leading
voices from across the health sector, with
the aim of accelerating the delivery of net
2er0, patient-centric health systems. The
Taskforce aligned on joint, minimum climate
‘and sustainability targets for health sector
suppliers, to address emissions across the
value chain

How we engage

Group and Board

+ We communicate our financial results
through management presentations to
analysts and institutional investors

‘We communicate our financial results at our
Annual General Meeting to retail investors

+ Post results, our CEO and CFO roadshows
meet with top shareholders and prospective
investors to discuss our latest financial
performance and address their questions

+ Management and our Investor Relations
team attend investor conferences
throughout the year to communicate
our most recent financial results and
reiterate our company strategy

+ We hold ad hoc meetings with investors and
sell-side analysts to address any strategy,
operational, Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) and modelling queries

+ We host a number of additional investor
engagement events, including investor days,
brokerage sales desk presentations and
credit investor updates

+ Our Group Head of Sustainability participated
ina number of ESG investment panels in
2024, as well as engaging with investors on
sustainability-related topics through
individual meetings

2024 outcomes of engagement

+ Our CEO kris Licht, set out actions to reshape
Reckitt as @ world-class consumer health
‘and hygiene organisation at our Strategy
Update in July alongside our H1 2024 results

+ The Strategy Update reinforced Reckitt’s
value creation principles and their role in
defining our focus on a sharper portfolio
of market-leading Powerbrands, as well as
communicating the simpler, more effective
‘organisational structure that will deliver
them to our customers and consumers

‘Suatepe reper Governance

Docusign Envelope 1D: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Anal Repor and Accounts 2024 77

Maintaining the Trust of Stakeholders continued

Communities

From the markets we support with
our products to those at the heart of
where we operate and source our
ingredients, the communities across
‘our value chain are critical to our goal
to make a positive impact.

‘Our community focusis linked to our Purpose

and areas where we can make the biggest
impact: access to clean water, hygiene and

sanitation for all, championing sexual and
reproductive healthcare and rights;
strengthening maternal and child healthcare;
‘and improving access to healthcare and
self-care,

With engaged and empowered communities,
we benefit from long-term market growth and
resiient supply chains, while advancing access
to the highest-quality hygiene, wellness and
nourishment.

Governments, NGOs, industry and academia

We engage with public policy makers
to protect and strengthen our
reputation and influence policy and
regulatory development.

We also work with civil society and NGOs on
areas of common interest to identify
opportunities where collective action can
make an impact at scale.

We work with universities and industry groups.
to support new innovation and process
development. In turn, these forums provide
valuable research, insights and feedback to
further strengthen our approach and help
shape wider industry action.

How we engage

Group and Board

+ Together with our partners, we use our
expertise and global reach to drive
‘measurable and sustainable impact in
‘communities aligned with our commitment
to a cleaner, healthier world and our focus on
achieving a fairer society, while advancing
the UN Sustainable Development Goals

+ We accelerate social entrepreneurship
with expert partners, including Yunus Social
Business and Health Innovation Exchange,
‘by mentoring, funding and scaling
these businesses

+ We leverage innovative finance and impact
investments like Water Equity’s Fund IV and
\Watercredit micro-finance loans to help provide
lasting access to clean water and sanitation

+ We drive behaviour change at scale through
‘uF leading brands; for.example, through
Dettol's Hygiene Quest, a gamified schoo!
programme that educates millions of
students each year

+ We work with suppliers and communities in
‘our supply network through partners such as
Earthworm Foundation, to manage our supply
networks, promote sustainable livelihoods,
‘and protect local ecosystems and habitats

+ The Board receives updates on and monitors
‘our Fight for Access Fund and other social
impact initiatives

2024 outcomes of engagement

+ In September, we announced our latest
$5 milion investment into WaterEquity's
impact funds, supporting cimate-resilent
infrastructure

+ In collaboration with local partners, through
‘commercial incentives and investment in
training and capacity building, rubber
farmers in our latex supply chain have
reduced their costs, built resilience and
improved their incomes, leading to wider
‘community benefits

How we engage

Group and Board

+ We engage regularly with national and
intemational policy makers, governments
and regulatory agencies, through formal
policy consultation processes and ongoing
bilateral engagement

+ With NGOs: through global partnership
programmes with Water.org and our
\WWEF partnership, and through local
supply chain partnerships such as with
Earthworm Foundation

+ With industry peers: through trade
‘associations including the International
Association for Soaps, Detergents and
Maintenance products (AISE), via the
World Business Council for Sustainable
Development (WBCSO) and the Consumer
Goods Forum (CGF)

+ Reckitt s part of the Sustainable Markets
Initiative Health Systems Taskforce, a
public-private partnership accelerating
the delivery of net zero healthcare

+ We work with the Nature-based insetting
team, a spin-off from the University of Oxford,
to help us understand and measure our
impact on biodiversity in key supply chains,

‘and the University of York on PhDs to support
{green chemistry and product resilience

+ We collaborate with governments on
specific programs to improve access to
health and hygiene. For example, with the
Nigerian government we work with Reckitt
Clean Nai flagship initiative with the Federal
Ministry of Water as a multi-level campaign
to create effective public health campaigns,
awareness, educate, and drive behavioural
‘change for national health promotion and
disease prevention

2024 outcomes of engagement

+ The UK Parliament's Women and Equalities
Committee's report on Women's
reproductive health conditions endorsed
Nurofen’s ‘See My Pain’ campaign and called
‘on the Nationat Health Service to urgently
implement a training programme to improve
the experience of treatment and diagnosis
in primary care for women

+ ‘Oh Yes! Net Zero’ was showcased at the
international Smart City Expo in Barcelona,
alongside other globally significant climate
action initiatives. It was highlighted as a
business-led example ofa city driving action
to combat climate change

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Weawege report overnance- rnanca statements

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2026

%

Section 172 Statement

EFFECTIVE ENGAGEMENT WITH OUR STAKEHOLDERS

This statement shows how our Directors
have acted in a way that they consider, in
good faith, would be most likely to
promote the success of the Company for
the benefit of its members as a whole
during 2024, having regard to stakeholders,
including matters under Section 172(1)
(a)-(f) of the Companies Act 2006.

Effective engagement with our shareholders,
‘employees, and wider stakeholders is key to
Reckitt’s sustainable success. in our decision-making,
‘we consider what will most likely promote the
long-term success of the Company for its
shareholders, while also taking into account the
interests of other stakeholders, Understanding their
needs and expectations is fundamental to our
Purpose: to protect, heal, and nurture in the
relentless pursuit of a cleaner and healthier worl.

We recognise that our business can only grow and
prosper by acting in the long-term interests of our key
stakeholders, namely our people, our consumers and
customers, our shareholders, investors and partners,
the communities in which we operate, governments,
NGOs, industry and academia we engage with, and
the environment. Examples of how the Directors have
oversight of stakeholder matters and had regard for
these matters when making decisions are included
throughout this Annual Report.

The Board considers our key stakeholders and the
matters set out under Section 172 of the Companies
‘Act 2006 in its discussions and decision-making, The
following table sets out examples of how the Board
has considered matters under section 172 during the
year in performing its duties.

Section 172(a)(f)adeltional disclosures

‘A: Likely consequence of any
decisions in the long term

‘Chair's Statement and Chief Executive Officer's Statement

‘Value creation and strategic priorities 10-16
Key performance indicators and our value creation model 30-15. 37
Section 172 Statement, Board activities and governance 58-138
: Risk management 52-56
B: Interests of our employees Key performance indicators 37
Stakeholder engagement 78-77
Nomination Committee Report 81-85
Directors’ Remuneration Report 96-133
Directors! Report 134-137
People and culture 89
€:The need to foster relationships Chair's Statement and Chief Executive Officer's Statement 47
win supe 's, customers and Value creation and strategic priorities 10-16
Key performance indicators and our value creation model 30-15, 37,
Risk management 52-56
Stakeholder engagement 7477
D: The impact of our operations on __Value creation and strategic priorities 10-16
the community and environment “Sustainability performance dashboard and sustainability performance review _ 38, 45-51
Stakeholder engagement 74-77
Section 172 Statement and Board activity 78, 72-73,
Sustainability performance review 38, 45-51
Climate-related financial disclosures 218-222
Non-financial and sustainability information statement 51
E: The desirability of the Company to _ Purpose, compass and Leadership Behaviours, and our value creation model 8-15, 71
maintain s reputation for high Reckitt’s approach to governance Ss.
Purpose, values and compass: how the Board monitors culture 8:15, 71
Section 172 Statement and Board activities 78, 72-73,
F: The need to act fairly between Strategic priorities and key performance indicators 76,37
members of the Company Section 172 Statement and Board activities 78, 72-73,
Stakeholder engagement 74-77


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

usage pot overance:

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 202479

BOARD PERFORMANCE REVIEW AND EFFECTIVENESS

The Board undertakes an annual
review of its own and its Committees’
performance and effectiveness,

with a formal externally facilitated
review of the Board conducted at
least every three years.

Sincé 2020, Lintstock has facilitated both our
internal and external reviews, which included a
three-year Board Development Programme.
This year, Lintstock was asked to oversee the
internal review process while our new Chair
completed his induction and observed a full
annual cycle. .

We plan to conduct an external review in 2025
and during the year a tender process was
undertaken to appoint an external evaluator for
the 2025 review. A summary of the process is
‘set out on the following pages.

Lintstock is independent of and has no other
links with the Company or its Directors in
connection with the effectiveness review.

For this year’s internal review, the Company
followed the CGI Principles of Good Practice
for isted companies using external Board
reviewers’ principles. Lintstock have confirmed
they followed the CGI Code of Practice

for reviewers’. Lintstock were given the
‘opportunity to review this section of the
Annual Report and provide input and
‘comment on the disclosures.

Findings and progress from the 2023
external performance review

2023 recommendations

‘Action taken duting 2024

Board succession
planning

There were a number of
changes to the Board
including the Chair, CEO,
CFO and Non-Executive
Directors and a focus on
effective transition of
these roles was required,

During 2024 there was a clear plan in place for
the transition of the Chair, CEO and CFO roles
{and through the Nomination Committee, the
Board maintained a strong focus on continued
renewal with the appointments of Marybeth Hays
in February 2024, Fiona Dawson in June 2024

‘and Stefan Oschmann and Mahesh Madhavan
‘being appointed to the Board in January 2025.

Al bring broad and relevant experience to the
Reckitt Board,

Review of the CRSEC
Committee

The breadth of the CRSEC
Committee was raised as
an area of focus for 2024,

‘As announced in June 2024, a review of the CRSECC
took place folowing the AGM: Mehmood Khan took
‘over the role of Chair and it was agreed by the Board
to align the Committee to our Principal Risks related
to product regulation, product quality and safety,
‘and legal and compliance which has allowed the
‘Committee to focus on these critical areas, along
with the compliance culture at the Company. £SG
‘and sustainability matters have returned to the
remit of the Board. Given the change in scope,

the Committee has been renamed the
Compliance Committee.

Review of senior leaders
and talent

The strength of the senior
team, ability to attract and
retain talent, and the
incentive structure were
raised as areas for review
in 2024

The Board carry out an annual review of key
talent which took place at the November
meeting and this included a review of the
changes in members of the Executive Committee
and their direct reports to support the new
strategy. As detailed within the People & Culture
section on pages 8-9, we are continuing to
strengthen our culture through changes to
performance management, talent and reward.
This includes expanded participation in our

Long Term Incentive Plan to introduce 2
longer-term element of reward to balance

in-year performance.

2024 Board performance review process

1. Design of questionnaire

‘A session took place with Lintstock and the Chair to discuss
the proposed process for the 2024 internal review.

Itwas agreed to adopt a concise questionnaire, focusing

con the strategy changes announced and the Board changes
made since the last review.

2. Evaluation methodology

The questionnaire was sent to each Board and Board

Committee member and structured around the topics of.

+ Board composition and dynamics, stakeholder oversight,
Board support

+ Management and focus of meetings, Board Committees,
Strategic oversight, Risk management, People oversight,
Priorities for change.

+ Separate questionnaires were sent to each Director
‘elating to the performance of the Chair and to review
their individual performance.

3. Results and actions

Lintstock collated the responses and produced a Board
‘evaluation report which was shared with the Chair for review
ahead of including in the November Board meeting pack

The finalised report of findings was provided to the Board
which was discussed. Actions for the year ahead were
agreed - see the next page for a summary.

DDocusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-TC4B-40SE-OBAC-EG42907C9C84

Suaage repo voverance,

Reckitt AnnualReport and Accounts 2024 80

Board Performance Review and Effectiveness continued

2024 review findings and actions

Findings

Continued focus on Board succession planning,

Actions

Diversity of experience will continue to be a focus in 2025,
for the Nomination Committee as we continue with the
orderly planning of Board succession.

‘As announced in November 2024, we have appointed
‘Stefan Oschmann and Mahesh Madhavan to the Board

‘as we continue to enhance the Board. Both bring broad.
and diverse experience to Reckitt

Developing Board skills further in 2025,

It was agreed at the November 2024 Board meeting to build
in additional listening sessions throughout 2025 and this will
also include a number of site visits. This will enable the Board
to continue to broaden its understanding of the business and
enhance its knowledge and skills around sustainability,
technology and Al

Board Committees
Each Board Committee was highly rated and confirmed as
delivering effective support to the Board.

Individual Committee actions were reviewed and agreed by
‘each Committee Chair at the November Committee meetings
and further details are set out in the Committee reports.

Individual Director performance
Individual Director performance and contribution were
assessed through one-to-one meetings with the Chair.

These sessions allowed reflection on personal development
‘and discussion of matters relevant to boardroom culture and
process. The findings, in combination with the individual skil,
time commitment and independence assessments, confirmed
‘each Director continues to contribute positively.

2025 external Board evaluator tender process

Chair performance
The performance of the Chair was evaluated by the Senior
Independent Director based on individual feedback and a
iscussion was held without the Chair present at the end
of the November Board meeting

The discussion concluded that the Chair had made a

{00d start and had devoted considerable time to getting
a better understanding of the business so he could chair
the Board effectively.

July 2024

The Company Secretary proposed a list of
potential providers to the Chair and agreed to
request proposals from those providers.

October 2024

Individual meetings were held with the
Company Secretary and external providers to
determine their cultural fit, style of review
and independence.

November 2024

‘A summary of the process and a
recommendation to the Board for the
preferred evaluator was discussed at the
November Board meeting. The Board
approved the recommendation to appoint
Clare Chalmers as the preferred evaluator
for the 2025 external effectiveness review.

January 2025

‘A meeting was held with Clare Chalmers
to commence the preparation work for the
external effectiveness review which will take
place in 2025 and the results will be shared
in the 2025 Annval Report.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84
‘Weatege ese covernance nasneia stamens oxternermavon

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 302481

NOMINATION COMMITTEE REPORT

The Committee's focus has continued to be on Board and
senior management succession, ensuring that we have the
right people in place to support Reckitt's strategic aims.

Sir Jeremy Darroch
Chair of the Nomination Committee

Scheduled meetings

Memb tended
Sir Jeremy Darroch (Chair) Member for the whole year

‘and Chair from May 2024 a
‘Andrew Bonfield Member for the whole year 22
Margherita Della Valle Member from June 2024 "
Chris Sinclair Chair and member until May 2024 n
Alan Stewart Member until May 2024 n
Pam Kirby Member until May 2024 n

Committee priorities in 2024
+ Support for Chair transition from
‘Chis Sinclair to Sir Jeremy Darroch

+ Transition of Remuneration Committee Chair
and Compliance Committee Chair following
the AGM in May 2024

‘The induction of Marybeth Hays and Fiona
Dawson as new Non-Executive Directors

+ Continued succession planning for the Board
and senior management roles and updated
Committee memberships in June 2024

Committee membership

Members of the Committee are appointed by
the Board. Membership of the Committee is
reviewed at least annually and was reviewed
following the 2024 AGM with changes announced
(on 19 June 2024. The members include the
Chair and certain independent Non-Executive
Directors. An additional review took place as
part of the annual performance review of the
Committee in November. In accordance with
the principles of the Code, the Committee is
made up of a majority of independent
Non-Executive Directors. The General Counse!
& Company Secretary acted as Secretary to
the Committee during the year.

All Directors are required to seek election or
re-election each year at the AGM. Biographical
details of the Directors, including their skills and
experience, can be found on pages 60-62.

Role and responsibilities

The role of the Committee, as set out in the
Committee's terms of reference, is to ensure
that there is a formal, rigorous and transparent
procedure for the appointment of new
Directors to the Board and to lead the process
for Board appointments,

The Nomination Committee has principal
responsibility for making recommendations to
the Board on new appointments and on the
composition of the Board and its Committees.
The Committee also assists the Board in
succession planning for senior management.

Further details on the Committee's role and
responsibilities can be found below and in its
terms of reference, available at www.reckitt.
com/investors/corporate-governance

Board composition
The Committee regularly reviews the
composition of the Board and its Committees,
considering the balance of sls, experience,
and how effectively Directors work together
to achieve Reckit’s objectives.

Non-Executive Directors are intially appointed
for a three-year term and generally continue to
serve one or more further terms. All Directors
‘are nominated for appointment by the
Committee, which is subsequently approved
by the Board,

As previously announced, Marybeth Hays was
appointed as a Non-Executive Director, with
effect from 1 February 2024, and Fiona Dawson
was appointed as a Non-Executive Director
with effect from 1 June 2024. A Q&A with
Marybeth and Fiona on their views and
‘observations since joining Reckitt is set out on
page 83,

In November 2024 we announced the
appointment of Stefan Oschmann and Mahesh
Madhavan as Non-Executive Directors with
effect from 1 January 2025. Biographical details
can be found on page 62.

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-F642367C9C84

‘uatoge repo Governance:

echt Annual Report and Accounts 202482

Nomination Committee Report continued

Key objectives forthe year ahead
Continue succession planning for the
Board and senior management roles
and keep Committee memberships
under review

+ Induction of Mahesh Madhavan and
Stefan Oschmann who joined as
independent Non-Executive Directors
in January 2025

+ Support the transition of the
Remuneration Committee Chair from
Mary Harris to Fiona Dawson following
the 2025 AGM

Key activities during 2024

Meetings of the Committee
are held as needed but are
required to take place at
least once a year. In 2024,

‘Succession planning

The Committee used Korn Ferry for
the appointments of Marybeth Hays and
Fiona Dawson and MWM Consulting for
the appointments of Mahesh Madhavan
and Stefan Oschmann. Neither Korn Ferry
nor MWM Consulting have any other
connection with individual Directors.

‘As previously announced, in March 2024, Jeff Carr
retired from the Board and Shannon Eisenhardt
became CFO. Following the AGM in May 2024,
Chis Sinclair, Pam Kirby and Alan Stewart a
retired from the Board, Sic Jeremy Darroch
‘became Chair of the Board and the Nomination
Committee, Mary Harris became Chair of the
Remuneration Committee and Mehmood Khan
became Chair of the CRSEC Committee.

We reported the sad death of Olivier Bohuon
in early May 2024, who had been a member of
the Board since January 2021, His insight and

‘open demeanour will be missed by the Board.

January February

Succession planning

Director tenure and independence was
reviewed as part of the annual Board review
‘and it was concluded that each Non-Executive
Director remained independent.

In accordance with the Code, all existing
Directors will stand for election or re-election at
the AGM, with the exception of Mary Harris who
has already notified her intention not to stand
for re-election at the AGM, having exceeded her
nine-year term. The Board considers Mary to

bbe independent for the purposes of the Code
as, in the Board's view, she continues to be
independent in character and judgement
notwithstanding her length of service.

The Committee recommends that all existing
Board members have their appointments
renewed. Resolutions to this effect will be
proposed to shareholders for approval at

the forthcoming AGM.

September
Succession planning

Details of the specific contributions each Director
makes to Reckit’s long-term success are set out
in the Notice of AGM, available at www.reckitt,
‘comjinvestors/annual-general-meetings.

Succession planning
The Committee regulaly reviews and monitors
the Boards structure, size and composition,
including the balance of sls, experience,
independence, knowledge and diversity
required, and makes recommendations to

the Board of any changes deemed necessary.
Consideration is given to the length of service of
the Board as a whole and Directors individually.
In addition, the Committee keeps the leadership
needs of the Company under review, including
senior management positions, ensuing plans

axe in place for orderly succession, so that the
Company can continue to compete effectively
in the markets in which it operates.

November

‘Succession planning

+ Non-Executive Director :
succession in relation to
potential appointments
was discussed

Non-Executive Director
succession: the Committee
met to review and then
approve its changes discussed and
recommendation to agreed ahead of the AGM

the Board to appoint Chale i N :
Marybeth Hays Chair succession and NED

succession discussed and
agreed ahead of the AGM

+ The appointment of Fiona
Dawson as a Non-Executive :
Director was discussed
‘and then approved for .
recommendation to
the Board

+ Committee and Designated
NED for engagement with
the Company's Workforce

The appointment of Mahesh Madhavan and Stefan
‘Oschmann as Non-Executive Directors was discussed and
then approved for recommendation to the Board

the Committee held two
scheduled meetings and
‘two additional meetings.
Meetings take place ahead
of Board meetings and the
Chair of the Committee
reports formally to the
Board on its proceedings.
Details of the activities
undertaken across the four
meetings held are set out in
the adjacent section

+ Update on succession planning generally

Discussed the Board effectiveness review feedback in
‘elation to the Committee

+ Annual review and recommendation for approval to the
Board of the terms of reference of the Committee

External evaluator tender review and approval of proposed
2028 evaluator

‘Annual review of potential conflicts of interest

‘ustepe repo Governance

Docusign Envelope IO: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

Reckitt AnnualReport and Accounts 202483

Nomination Committee Report continued

8A

Marybeth Hays
Non-Executive Director

Fiona Dawson, CBE
Non-Executive Director

Marybeth Hays and Fiona Dawson
joined the Board during 2024 and
provided some thoughts and
reflections following their
appointment.

What drew you to Reckitt and how
has your experience been to date?

‘What are your views
onReckitt's culture?

What have been your key highlights
and challenges in your first year?

Mi, was absolutely deighted to
receive a cal about the Reckit
opportunity. As an EVP Merchandising at
Walmart US, | knew of Reckitt’s excellent
reputation among my merchant team

in consumables, health and weliness

A @ former brand executive, | am drawn
to the power ofthe brand portfolio.
Some of my earkest memories include
iysol- my mother would not tavet
without it! As a former expat (China),
fin the complexity of a global
business invigorating!

FD. Having worked for 34 years with
some of the world's best-loved brands,
Ihave always admired Reckit’s strong
portfolio of leading products, which are
trusted household names all over the
world. Coupled with that ! was drawn

to the breadth of the business and enjoy
working withthe challenges and
‘opportunites of a global consumer
packaged goods organisation

From a Board perspective, it has been
an extremely interesting time to joi

with the portfolio evolution to focus on
high-growth; high-margin Powerbrands:
Ihave really admired the team’s strategic
Clarity and focus in executing on this.

MH. Reckitt has @ can-do, highly
entrepreneurial yet humble culture that
is well suited for the enormous changes
in the world today.

Reckitt does not take time to
rest onits laurels and believes
in continual improvement.

FD. |had always believed Reckit's culture
was hard working, results focused and
ambitious, and whist that was certainly
the case when! met the Executive team,
| also experienced a culture that was very
‘people centric, transparent, and enabling
A.culture where people are encouraged
to reach their full potential and to do the
right thing,

{As the ‘newbie' | felt very welcomed
to the Board from day one, and there

is real respect around the table for

the vast experience different Board
members bring, leading to diversity

Of thought and breakthrough thinking,
have certainly learnt a lot from the
Reckitt team and my fellow Board
members and look forward to continue
doing so over the coming years.

MH. Supporting Kris and his team on our
portfolio restructuring. This wil set us up
for unprecedented growth in the future

‘As a former merchant and brand
marketer, | approach strategy through a
product and customer tens. | would like
to lear more about the new product
pipeline, our customers (retailers and
distributors) and consumers.

lam very keen on manufacturing and
supply chain - to ensure product
availability but more importantly,
product quality and safety. | pian

to visit some factories this year.

FD. From a business perspective, we
have a big year ahead as the newly
shaped Company lands. My priority will
bbe to provide the necessary support
‘and relevant challenge to the team to
helo ensure the successful execution

of our strategy. During this period, I look
forward to getting even closer to the
business, meeting more people and
visitng sites to further experience

the Company first hand.

11am also looking forward to taking
‘over as Chair of the Remuneration
‘Committee from Mary Harris who has
‘been utterly briliant in her onboarding of
‘me to the Committee and very generous
with her time. | look forward to following
her lead in ensuring we have a balance of
‘pay for performance, shareholder retuins
‘and strategic alignment

unege report voverance

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

echt Anal Report and Accounts 2028” 84

Nomination Committee Report continued

‘The Committee considers Board renewal on an
‘ongoing basis and makes recommendations to
the Board regarding proposed appointments,
The Committee is also responsible for making
recommendations for the role of Senior
Independent Director and proposes the
membership and the role of Chair for each

of the Board Committees.

Induction programmes
New Directors receive a tallored induction
programme on appointment to the Board

to suit their individual experience and
background. The induction programme
generally includes meetings with the other
Board Directors, the General Counsel &
Company Secretary and GEC members on

‘a one-to-one basis, along with meeting some
of our key external advisors. The meetings
are held in person or virtually.

New Directors may also carry out market visits
and attend key Reckitt sites to enhance their
induction to the Company.

Board Directors’ ongoing training
and development

‘The Chair has overall responsibilty for ensuring
that all the Directors receive suitable training to
enable them to carry out their duties. As part
of their role, Directors are also expected to
personally identify any additional training
requirements they feel would benefit them in
performing their duties. We arrange ongoing
{raining including on legal and financial
regulatory developments relevant to the
Company and the Directors.

Training is also provided by way of briefing
papers or presentations at scheduled Board
‘meetings, as well as meetings with senior
executives or external sources. The Directors
may, at the Company's expense, take
independent professional advice and are
‘encouraged to continually update their
professional skills and knowledge of the
business and wider industry.

During the year, training materials have been
made available for Board members to view.
We also aim to provide Directors an opportunity
to engage directly with employees and key
personnel and be immersed in the business.

GEC changes

The GEC changes during the year reflect the
alignment of our leaders with Reckitt’s new
strategic priorities and growth opportunities.

‘As we announced in July as part of our
strategic update, we welcomed the following
members to the GEC (with effect from

1 January 2025), all of whom have been with
the business for a number of years and bring
2 wealth of experience to their new roles:

+ Ryan Dullea, Chief Category Growth Officer
+ JérOme Lemaire, President, North America

+ Eric Gillot, President, Europe

+ Nitish Kapoor, President, Emerging Markets
Volker Kuhn, President of Hygiene, and Pat Sly,
President of Health, both left the business on
31December 2024

Sami Naffakh, Chief Supply Officer, resigned
from his role and left the business in July 2024
and we welcomed Harald Emberger as Chief
‘Supply Officer in July 2024

Filippo Catalono, Chie information and Digitisation
Officer resigned from his fle andleft the
business at the end of October 2024. Shannon
Eisenhardt is now responsible for IT & Digital
Fabrice Beaulieu, Chief Marketing, Sustainability
and Corporate Affairs Officer, resigned and
stepped down from his role at the end of
December 2024. Ryan Dullea is responsible
for marketing as part of his role and Harald
Emberger is responsible for Sustainability
within his role, Sheila Redzepi was welcomed
as Chief Communications and Corporate
Affairs Officer in February 2025,

Biographical details of GEC members can

bbe found on pages 63-64.

Committee effectiveness review

{An internal effectiveness review of the
Committee was conducted as part of the
broader Board review (see pages 79-80),
All areas received positive ratings overall

{As part of the Board's annual effectiveness
review, the Committee reviews the Board's
composition and diversity and how effectively
members work together to achieve objectives.

Directors are evaluated both collectively and
individually to demonstrate whether each
Director continues to contribute effectively.
Following conclusion of the review, the
Committee reports to the Board on the
outcomes of the review that have or will
influence its composition and whether
each Director is committing sufficient time
to fui their duties.

‘The Board, having had sight of the results
of the Committee's effectiveness review,
considers the Committee to continue

to operate effectively

Diversity and inclusion

The Board and Committee recognise the
importance of diversity, including gender and
ethnicity, at Board and senior management
levels in compliance with the Code,

Inclusion is core to Reckitt’s purpose to
‘protect, heal and nurture in the relentless
pursuit of a cleaner and healthier world.

We recognise that its critical for us to have

a diverse employee population and a Board
and senior management team that are
reflective of the markets we operate in

and the consumers we serve,

We are committed to equality of opportunity
in all areas of employment and business,
regardless of personal characteristics.

We always recruit the best and most suitable
candidates for any role, and we strive for a
well-balanced representation of backgrounds,
nationalities, cultures, skils and experiences
atall levels across the Group. Ultimate
responsibilty for and sponsorship of this policy
rests with the GEC. Senior management is
accountable and all Reckitt employees are
responsible for ensuring that our diversity
policies and programmes are implemented
and followed,

During the year we introduced a new Board
Policy, whichis inline withthe Financial
Conduct Authority (FCA) Policy on Diversity
‘and Inclusion on Company Boards and
Executive Management, the Parker Review and
the FTSE Women Leaders Review. The Policy
can be found on our website at wovwceckit.
comvinvestors/corporate-governance

The Committee and the Board are committed
to recruiting members of the Board on the

strict criteria of merit, ski experience and to
seek diversity of gender, social and ethnic
backgrounds, as well s cognitive and personal
strengths. This commitment is demonstrated
through our Board composition which comprises
nine nationaities, seven women and six men as at
the date of this report. Our Board consists of two
members from an ethnic rinorty, exceeding the
Parker Review recommendation and the FCA
Policy on Diversity and Inclusion on Company
Boards and Executive Management.

(ur GEC, comprising the most senior
management level in the business, represents
six different nationalities from across the globe,
embodying our truly multinational focus. The
Company's wider global leadership community
(GEC, GEC-1 and SMT) comprises over 46
nationalities between them, representing

a broad background of collective skills,

cultures and experience.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘weatege reper’ overnance-rmanciastatemens Uenernormaton

Reckitt AnnualReport and Accounts 2024 BS

Nomination Committee Report continued

As submitted to the UK Parker Review, 14.3% of UK-based senior leaders (GEC and GEC-1) reported
as being from an ethnic minority. Our intention i to continue to increase this representation in the
futue. This widens our understanding of our consumers, who come from the broadest possible
backgrounds allowing us to be best placed in serving their needs

Numberin Percentage of
Number ot (€0,CF0,51D executive executive

Acstbecember2024 __soardmembers ‘andchal _management_management

White Bitish or other

White (including

minority White groups) %0 om 100% 5 50%

Mixedmuttiple ethnic

‘groups. - - - 1 10%

Asian/Asian British 1 % - 1 10%

BlackyAfrican/

Caribbean/Btack British - - - - -

Other ethnic group,

including Arab - - - - -

Not specifiedyprefer

not 10 say : - - 3 30%

Representation of women at Board and senior management levels.
{As at 31 December 2024, 64% of our Board members ate women and we have surpassed 40%

2s outlined in the FTSE Women Leaders Review. In addition, we will comply with the FCA‘s Policy
(on Diversity and inclusion on Company Boards and Executive Management, which requires that
atleast one of the senior Board roles should be held by a woman, with Shannon Eisenhardt
‘appointed as CFO in March 2024

‘As at 31 Decemiber 2024, representation of women within the GEC was 40%, Women constitute 26%
(of GEC direct reports. We will continue to review the representation of women in leadership roles
within the GEC as detailed in the FTSE Women Leaders Review (and in provision 23 of the Code),

For further details relating to gender diversity within our workforce, please see page 49.

Number of

Numberin Percentage of

Numberot Percentage of (CEO, CFO, SID _executive coeutive

joardmembers the 8 SndChale) management management

Men! 4 36% 3 6 60%

Women 7 64% i 4 40%
Not specifiediprefer

not to $a - - - : -

Further details can be found on pages 8-9 and in our Fairer Society section on pages 49-50,

Sir Jeremy Darroch
Chair of Nomination Committee
Reckitt Benckiser Group ple

5 March 2025

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
Semegicreporwoverance. rane satements —‘otser nformaton

echt Areal Report and Accounts 2024 86

AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

The focus this year remained on oversight of Reckitt’s
internal controls and risk management framework in the
context of the updated Corporate Governance Code.
Andrew Bonfield

Chair of the Audit Committee

Member
‘Andrew Bonfield (Chair) Chair and member for the

whole year aya
Margherita Della Valle Member for the whole year 34
Elane Stock Member for the whole year aya
‘Tamara ingram Member for the whole year aya
Marybeth Hays Member from July 2024 ae
Pam Kirby Member until May 2024 ze

‘On behalf of the Board, | am pleased to present
the Audit Committee Report for the financial
year ended 31 December 2024.

This report details how the Committee has
discharged its role, duties and performance
during the year including in relation to internal
control, financial and other reporting, risk
management, the Internat Audit function and
‘our relationship and interaction with the
External Auditor

Committee priorities in 2025

+ Maintaining oversight on Reckitt’ risk
‘management and internal contro!
procedures, including monitoring key areas in
the context of risk and control

Committee membership and experience

+ Sustaining a strong culture of risk
‘management and embedding and
strengthening intemal controls
‘across the Group

+ Monitoring potential legislative and
regulatory changes which may affect the
work of the Committee including the
Updated Corporate Governance Code

+ Overseeing the External Auditor tendering
process, inline with the Audit Committees
and the External Audit: Minimum Standard

+ Reviewing cyber security risks and controls

Sectoral

per

12 relevant to

Name Recent and relevant financialexperience _Reckitt’s operations,

‘andrew Bonfield (Chait) Financial expert

‘Chartered Accountant

‘Consumer goods
Pharmaceuticalsmheatincare

+ Currently CFO of a global US Fortune

100 company

+ Multiple CFO roles at other large
‘companies, including in the consumer

_goods sector

Margherita Della Valle Financial expert

+ Holds a Master's degree in Economics

~ Consumer goods
+ Technology

+ Previously held Group CFO and senior

finance roles

+ Group CEO of FISE 50 company

lane Stock Holds Master's degrees in Finance» ‘Consumer goods
+ Previously member of the audit Emerging markets
committee of two US-isted entities
Tamara ingram ~ Member of the audit committee of @_- Consumer goods
US-Hsted company + Digital strategy
Marybeth Hays Member of the auait committee of @ Consumer goods

US-sted company

+ Healthcare.


‘uawge reper Loverance

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-98AC-£642367C9C84

Reckit Annual Report and Accounts 202487

Audit Committee Report continued

Ail Committee members are independent
Non-Executive Directors who have financial,
‘economics andjor business management
expertise in large companies.

Committee members are expected in
particular to have an understanding of:

+ The Group's operations, policies and internal
control environment

+ The principles of, and recent developments
in, financial reporting

+ Relevant legislation, regulatory requirements
‘and ethical codes of practice

+ The role of internal and external audit and
risk management

The Board is satisfied that, in compliance with
the Code, Committee members as a whole
have competence relevant to the Company's
sector (consumer goods).

Committee appointments are generally
‘made for a three-year period. Members of the
Committee are appointed by the Board on the
recommendation of the Nomination Committee,

On joining the Committee and during their
tenure, members receive additional training
tailored to theic individual requirements.
Committee members also meet with
management covering internal aul, risk
management, legal, tax, treasury and financial
matters, as well as meetings with the
External Auditor.

During the year, members of the Committee
received regular briefings from management
‘on matters covering governance and legislative
developments, accounting policies and
practices, and tax and treasury

During the year, the Deputy Company Secretary
for the February meeting and the Head of
Secretariat for the remainder of the year acted
as Secretary to the Committee.

Meetings
During 2024, the Committee held four
scheduled meetings at times aligned to the
‘Company's reporting cycle. In addition, two
‘non-scheduled joint meetings with the Board
‘were held in February and March in relation to
the approval ofthe 2023 Annual Report

and Financial Statements.

Committee meetings usually take place ahead
‘of Board meetings and the Committee Chair
provides an update to the Board on the key
issues discussed at each meeting. Committee
papers are provided to all Directors in advance
‘of each meeting, including a copy of the
Committee minutes.

Meetings are attended by senior representatives
Of the External Auditor and by the Group

Head of Internal Audit, CFO, and Corporate
Controller. Other Board Directors are invited to
attend all meetings and the CEO attends and
observes most meetings. Other members

of management attend when deemed
appropriate by the Committee.

Time is allocated at the end of each meeting
for private discussion with the CFO, internat
audit and the External Auditor, without other
invitees being present, as well as a private
‘session of the Committee members.
Committee members’ meeting attendance

during the year is set out on the first page of
this Audit Committee Report

Committee effectiveness review

‘A review of the Committee was conducted as
part of the Board's annual effectiveness
review. All areas received positive ratings, with
the thoroughness of the Committee
highlighted, along with praise for how the
meetings were chaired. Areas of focus for the
year ahead include the controls transformation
‘and consideration into how the Internal Audit
function is managed.

‘The Board, having had sight of the results of,
the Committee's review, considers the
Committee to be operating effectively,

‘yeatepeepor | woverance. nares statements

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£64236709C84

Reckitt Annual Repor ahd Accounts 202888.

Audit Committee Report continued

Fair, balanced and understandable
The Committee reviewed the 2024 Annual
Report and Financial Statements to confirm
that itis fair, balanced and understandable
‘and provides sufficient information to
shareholders to assess the Group's position,
performance, business model and strategy.
The Committee relies upon the following
assurance framework in making its
assessment of fair, balanced and
understandable:
+ All sections of the 2024 Annual Report and
Financial Statements were prepared in

Role and respon: S
The Committee is part ofthe Group's
‘governance framework and supports the Board
in fulfling its oversight responsibilities in
ensuring the integrity of the Group's financial
reporting, internal controls and overall risk
management process, and relationship with
the Company's External Auditor.

Financial reportit

+ Monitor the integrity of the Financial
Statements of the Company including
interim and annual Financial Statements

+ Review the appropriateness of significant
accounting policies and practices

+ Review significant financial judgements and
estimates, taking into account the External
Auditor's view on the financial judgements
and estimates

+ Advise the Board on whether, taken as a
whole, the Annual Report is fair, balanced
and understandable and provides the
information necessary for shareholders to
assess the Company's performance,
business model and strategy

accordance with the standard operating
procedures (SOPs) as approved by the
Disclosure Committee

+ A detailed review of the 2024 Annual
Report and Financial Statements was
undertaken by senior management and
the Disclosure Committee to ensure
Consistency in messaging and.
appropriate balance

+ A comprehensive review by the Directors
‘and the senior management team of the
form, content and consistency of narrative,
the disclosures contained in the Financial
‘Staternents and the underlying processes

Risk management systems and

internal controls

+ Review and monitor the effectiveness of
the management of risk and overall system
Of internal control

+ Review the framework and analysis to
‘support both the going concer and the
long-term Viability Statement

Whistle-blowing, fraud and compliance
In conjunction with the Compliance
Committee, review the Company's
arrangements for its workforce to raise
concerns about possible wrongdoings in
financial reporting and other matters; review
the Company's procedures for detecting
fraud; and its systems and controls for ethical
behaviours and the prevention of bribery.

and controls supporting the preparation
fof the 2024 Annual Report and.
Financial Statements

+ A comprehensive verification process,
supporting any facts, figures and assertions
included in the 2024 Annual Report and
Financial Statements

‘The Committee and the Board received
confirmation from management that the 2024
Annual Report and Financial Statements had
been prepared in accordance with the
assurance framework and that appropriate
verification had been undertaken.

External audit

+ Make recommendations to the Board on the
appointment, removal, eemuneration and
terms of engagement of the External
‘Auditor, in line with the FRC Audit
Committees and the External Audit:
Minimum Standard

+ Review and assess the External Auditor's
independence and objectivity taking into
‘account relevant UK law and professional
and regulatory requirements

+ Develop, recommend and implement the
Group's policy in relation to the provision of
non-audit services

+ Review and approve the annual audit
plan and assess the effectiveness of the
audit process

In addition, the Committee also reviewed
KPMG's audit findings report, draft audit
pinion and draft management
representation letter.

Following the Committee's review, the
Committee was satisfied that the 2024
‘Annual Report and Financial Statements,
taken as a whole, met its objectives and
accordingly recommended to the Board that
the 2024 Annual Report and Financial
Statements be approved and that the Board
make its statement on page 138

Internal audit
+ Review and approve the annual internal

audit plan and monitor and review

its effectiveness
+ Review and monitor the effectiveness

‘of the Internal Audit function, ensuring

the necessary resources are in place for

it to perform effectively
‘There were no significant changes to the
Committee's role and responsibilities during
the year.
The Committee's role and responsibilities are
set out in its terms of reference, which are
available at www.reckitt.comfinvestors/
corporate-governance.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Pa A a on a echt Amul Reprtand econ 89
Audit Committee Report continued
Key activities during the year
February March May July November

+ Received an update on the current
draft of the 2023 Annual Report
‘and Financial Statements, the
going concern basis of preparation
and Viability Statement

+ Received an update on the
Corporate Controller's Report
covering key accounting and
reporting matters :

+ Received an update on KPMG's
report on progress of the
2023 aut

+ Annual review of risk
management and internal
Controls including review of
Fisks across Group functions
and of the integrated risk
‘management framework

+ Received an update from the
Internal Auditor on progress
against the 2023 audit plan and
a summary of the audits planned
for 2024 and review of the
Internat Audit Charter

+ Reviewed the 2023 preliminary
results announcement, including
the Financial Statements

+ Reviewed the final
dividend proposal

+ Reviewed the KPMG management
representation letter

+ Reviewed the 2023 Annual Report

and Financial Statements, the
going concern basis of preparation
and Viability Statement, including
whether the Committee could
recommend that the Board
approve the 2023 Annual Report
and Financial Statements

+ Received an update on KPMG's

2023 audit findings report,
observations on Reckitt’s internal
controls for the 2023 financial
year, management representation
letter and report on the 2023
‘Annual Report and Financial
Statements

Received an update on the
Corporate Controller's Report
covering key accounting and
reporting matters

+ Reviewed and considered

the updated Corporate
Governance Code in relation

to controls effectiveness
Reviewed the Group's funding
position and a proposal related
toa bond issuance and new
revolving credit facility
Reviewed the audit quality
delivery and assessment of
External Augitor effectiveness
Received an update on KPMG's
internal controls review and
strategy for the 2024 audit
‘Approved KPMG's 2024 audit
fees and terms of engagement
Confirmation following
assessment of External Auditor
independence and ethics

+ Received an update on the key

internal audit findings and any
significant matters, and status
Of the internal audit plan

+ Received an update on legal

matters and compliance controls

+ Reviewed the whistle-blowing

procedures

+ Received an update on the

Corporate Controller's Report
covering key accounting and
reporting matters, including the
External Auditor tender proposal
Reviewed the 2024 half-year
results announcement, including
the going concern basis of
preparation and recommended
for approval by the Board

Received KPMG's half-year review
report findings to 30 June 2024
‘and management representation
letter

+ Received KPMG's assessment of

its objectivity and independence
Reviewed and discussed the
implications following the tornado
damage to warehouse in the US

+ Received the annual legal and

compliance review

+ Received an update on the key

internal audit findings, any
significant matters, the status of
the internal audit plan and the

responsiveness of management

+ Undertook a deep dive into the

findings from the Middle East
investigations which took place in
late 2023 and early 2024

+ Reviewed and approved the
Committee's 2025 standing
‘agenda and terms of reference

+ Discussed the performance
review findings of the Committee

+ Considered and discussed the
‘annual review of IT and controls

+ Reviewed the controls
transformation update
‘and progress

+ Received an update on KPMG's
IT update and control findings
relating to the 2024 audit cycle

+ Received the 2025 internal
audit plan

+ Reviewed and approved
the updates to the Group
Treasury policies

+ Received an update on the
risk management process
including results of the
effectiveness review

+ Received an update on Speak
Up reports

+ Received an update on the key
intemal audit findings and any
significant matters, and status
of the internal audit plan

+ Received an update on the
‘annual tax review

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

usegerlepon | tovemance "rane statements Une omaton Reckitt Anal Report and Accounts 2024-90
Audit Committee Report continued

Significant and key financial Cash flows beyond the five-year period were _The Committee reviewed management's Legal liability provisioning

reporting matters projected using terminal growth rates. disclosures in relation to goodwill other intangible at 31 December 2024 a provision of £112 milion

The Committee is responsible for reviewing
and approving the appropriateness of the
interim and annual Financial Statements and
related announcements, including:

+ Recommending that, in the Committee's
view, the Financial Statements are fair,
balanced and understandable. In addition to
the detailed preparation and verification
procedures in place for the 2024 Annual
Report and Financial Statements,
management continued its focus on
narrative reporting with clear written and
visual messaging to communicate the
Group's strategy

+ Reviewing the appropriateness of the
accounting policies, judgements and
estimates used as set out from pages
159-196 and concluding that the judgements
and assumptions used are reasonable

+ Reviewing the Group's policy relating to, and
disclosure of, alternative performance
measures (APMs)

‘Areas of significant financial judgement
The areas of significant financial judgement in

relation to the 2024 Group Financial Statements
considered by the Committee, together with a
summary of the actions taken, were as follows.

Recoverabilty of goodwill and other
intangible assets

Under International Financial Reporting
‘Standards (IFRS), goodwill and indefinite-ife
assets must be tested for impairment on at
least an annual basis. Impairment testing is
inherently judgemental and requires
management to make multiple estimates on
future performance, for example around future
price and volume growth, future margins,
terminal growth rates and discount rates.

The Group's impairment testing utilised cash
flow projections included within one-year
budgets and five-year strategic plans

AAs a result of impairment testing performed
in 2024, management determined that an
impairment charge of £696 milion relating
toits IFCN cash-generating unit (CGU) and
£142 milion relating to its Biofreeze CGU,
was required at 31 December 2024 (2023:
impairment charge of £810 milion relating
to the IFCN CGU),

In November 2024 and February 2025, the
Committee reviewed the detailed resuts of the
impairment testing forthe Group's CGUS, with a
particular focus on the FCN and Biofreeze CGU
Tne Committee chalenged the key assumptions
which underpinned the Biofreeze recoverable
“amounts, including anticipated category growth,
‘market share improvement, the commercial
success of new product launches and
international market expansion. The Committee
Confirmed the key judgements and estimates
‘made by management including market
‘expansion and discount rate, and reviewed the
sensitivity of the impairment model to changes in
key assumptions

In February 2025, the Committee reviewed the
detailed results of the impairment testing in
‘elation to the ICN CGU and challenged the key
assumptions which underpinned the IFCN
recoverable amount at 31 December 2024

This included the effect of changes to the
regulatory environment, net revenue growth
‘ates, the commercial success of new product
launches, the expansion of specialty nutrition
and the anticipated capital expenditure
programme to upgrade facilis. The evolving
regulatory environment has increased the
judgemental nature of estimating the future cash
flows in relation to capital expenditure, thereby
resulting in increased scrutiny and focus by the
Committee and challenge to management.

The Committee confirmed the key judgements
and estimates made by management and
teviewed the sensitivities ofthe impairment
‘model to reasonable changes in key assumptions.

‘assets and related impairment reviews included
within Note 9 and considered them appropriate,

Tax provisioning
From time to time, the Group may be involved in
<isputes in elation to ongoing tax matters in a
number of uriscictions around the world where
the approach of the local authorities is particularly
<fficult to precict. The amount of uncertain tax
postion ible recorded in relation to these
investigations isan area where management and
taxjudgement are important. The Committee
reviewed the key judgements and conchsions
‘made with management and considered the level
of recognised uncertain tax position liabilities
tobe appropriate.

As required under IFRS, management has
included disclosure in the Financial Statements
outlining the amount of uncertain tax position
liabilities, the methodology by which they have
bbeen recognised and the sources of estimation
uncertainty in relation to these uncertain tax
position liabilities or the rationale for why
sensitivity disclosure is not meaningful and has
nt been provided inthe Financial Statements.
The Committee has reviewed these
disclosures, included within Notes 1 and 22, and
Considers them appropriate

Trade spend accruals

Trade spendis a significant cost for the Group,
with the principal accounting judgements
relating to trade accruals specifcaly the timing
‘of recognition and the determination of
‘management's best estimate of the amount of
{rade spend which wil ultimately be incurred
‘The Audit Committee focused on the level of
trade spend accruals at the year end to ensure
they are sufficient and appropriate. In adchtion,
the Committee evaluated the accuracy of
‘management's estimation of trade spend accruals
through reviewing the subsequent utiisation

of trade spend accruals which were originally
recorded in the 2023 Financial Statements

(2023: £137 milion) was held on the Group's
Balance Sheet in relation to regulatory, civil
and criminal investigations as well as
litigation proceedings.

The Committee has reviewed the status of
potential legal and constructive liabilities
during the year, and at the year end, including
the South Korea Humidifier Sanitiser (HS) issue,
Necrotizing Enterocolitis (NEC), Phenylephrine
(PE) and other significant matters.

The Committee challenged management on
the judgements made in determining the level
of provisions recognised and was satisfied with
the level of provisioning and associated
disclosure for the HS issue, NEC, PE and

other significant matters (see Note 20) and

On its exercise of judgements described in

the disclosure.

Other key financial reporting matters
Other key matters reviewed and evaluated in

relation to the 2024 Group Financial Statements
considered by the Committee, together with a
summary of the actions taken, are set out below.

Following the update provided in last year’s
report in relation to the Middle East, the
investigation continued during the first half

Of the financial year and a deep dive was
presented to the Committee in July on the
findings and actions following the investigation.

Several senior members of the finance and
management team in the Middle East were
‘exited from the Business in February 2024.

The Committee discussed the factors that

had contributed to the issue in the Middle East
and how these could be prevented for a similar
situation in the future. A new management
team from outside the region was appointed
and management continues to work on driving
the culture and expectations required for the
business, and the financial and control systems
have been strengthened.

‘Wwawege report voverance,

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 91

Audit Committee Report continued

‘A.clear action plan is now in place, driven by
the CEO and CFO, setting the tone from the
top on expectations. There is zer0 tolerance for
any behaviours that are not aligned with ‘Do
the Right Thing. Always’, which is being driven
consistently throughout the organisation,

Going concern and Viability Statement
A Viability Review was undertaken by
‘management, encompassing its going concern
review. The Committee reviewed and
challenged the key assumptions used by
‘management in its Viability Review and going
concern assessment, as well as the scenarios
applied and risks considered.

Based on its review, the Committee considers
that the application of the going concern basis
for the preparation of the Financial Statements,
‘was appropriate and confirmed the suitability
of the Viability Statement covering a five-year
period, as set out on page $7. The five-year
Period for the Viability Review is the period of
the Group's long-term forecasting process and
covers the various business cycles,

Internal audit

Role of internal auditor

The Committee is responsible for reviewing
and monitoring the effectiveness of the
Internal Audit function, The Group Head

‘of Audit is accountable to the Chair of the
Committee, although for administrative matters
reports to the CFO. The function operates
independently of the Business, with no
responsibilty for operational management.

The independence of the Group Head of Audit
‘and the Internal Audit function is considered as
part of the annual internal audit effectiveness
review. The Group Head of Audit roe is vacant
as at the date ofthis report. The Internal Audit
Director attended Committee meetings and
provided updates on behalf of the internal
Audit function.

The function is responsible for providing
independent and objective assurance on the
adequacy and effectiveness of Reckitts risk
management and internal control systems.
Its mandate is set out in a written charter,
approved by the Committee, and it uses 2
formal internal audit methodology consistent
with the Institute of Internal Auditors,
internationally recognised standards.

Prior to the start of each financial year the
Committee reviews and approves the annual
audit plan and assesses the adequacy of the
function's budget and resources. The function
brings in specialist skils from external service
providers, as necessary. The strengthening of
the finance second line will allow the function
in future periods to transition away from an
agreed rotation and scope policy to a more
fisk-based approach,

The risk-based audit plan focuses on areas
deemed critical to achieving our business
objectives and covers Reckitt’s commercial
businesses, manufacturing facilities, information
systems, programmes and higher-risk areas
and processes. Following each audit, control
weaknesses are reported to senior
‘management, together with recommendations
and updates. Resulting management actions
are tracked until they are satisfactoily closed.
‘Audits that identified significant weaknesses in
the control envionment and where rated
unacceptable may receive a follow-up audit
within 12 to 18 months, as appropriate.

‘At each Committee meeting the internal Audit.
function presents an update which includes

‘an assessment of the control environment
together with any material issues, the
performance of the Internal Audit function, and
‘any other topics as required. A private session
with the Committee is also held at

every meeting,

Risk management
The Committee supports the Board in fulfiling
its oversight responsibilities in ensuring the
integrity of the Group's financial reporting
(including the Annual Report and Financial
Statements), system of risk management

‘and internal control, and the relationship with
the External Auditor. The Committee makes
recommendations to the Board in relation

to approval of the Annual Report and

Financial Statements.

‘The Committee regularly monitors our system of
‘isk management and internal control (including
internal financial controls). The finance function,
headed by the CFO, has implemented polices,
processes, and controls to enable the Company
toreview and comply with changes in
‘accounting standards and relevant financial
regulations. These policies, processes and.
controls ae kept under review on an ongoing
basis to ensure both internal and external
developments are reviewed and acted upon

In monitoring the integrity of financial reporting
{and any other risks falling within its remit,

the Committee receives regular reports from
the Corporate Controller, Chief Ethics and
Compliance Officer, Group Head of Tax

‘and Group Head of Treasury on material
developments in the legislative, regulatory,
‘and fiscal landscape in which the Group
‘operates. It also receives reports on IT and
‘cyber security risks and controls, and on the
Group's whistle-blowing arrangements.

The Committee reported to the Board in
February 2025 that it considers the internal
control framework to be functioning
appropriately, to enable the Board to meet its
obligations under section 4 of the Code, to
maintain sound risk management and internal
control systems, and to report to shareholders
‘on these in the Annual Report (see page 138).
As highlighted in last year's report, Reckitt is
continuing with its controls transformation
programme in preparation for internal controls
changes arising from the revisions to the Code.

‘The basis for the preparation of the Group
Financial Statements is set out on page 159
under Accounting Policies

The External Auditor's Report, setting out its
‘work and reporting responsibilities, can be
found on pages 139-154, The terms, areas of
responsibilty and scope of the External
‘Auditor's work are agreed by the Committee
‘and set out in the External Auditor's
engagement letter.

More information on the Group's principal and
‘emerging risks and strategy for growth and
achieving targeted goals is detailed in the
Strategic Report, which can be found on
ages 52-56.

‘The Viability Statement can be found on page 57.

The Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities on
page 138 details the Directors’ responsibilities
for the Financial Statements, for disclosing
relevant audit information to the External
‘Auditor and for ensuring that the Annual Report
is fai, balanced and understandable.

Internal controls framework

Internal control processes are implemented
through clearly defined roles and
responsibilities, supported by clear policies and
procedures, and delegated to the GEC and
senior management. Reckitt operates a ‘three
lines of defence’ model in monitoring internal
control systems and managing risk

1. Management in the first ine ensures that
controls, policies and procedures are followed in
dealing with risks in day-to-day activities. Such
risks are mitigated at source with controls
‘embedded into relevant systems and

processes. Supervisory controls, either at
‘management level or through delegation,
‘ensure appropriate checks and verifications take
_place, with any failures dealt with promptly.
Throughout Reckitt, a key responsibilty for any
line manager is to ensure the achievement of
bbusiness objectives with appropriate risk
‘management and internal control systems.

‘Weawege reper overnance

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC501-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

Reckitt Aral Repor and Accounts 2024 92

Audit Committee Report continued

2. Each function and business has its own
‘management which acts as a second line of
oversight. This second line sets the local level
policies and procedures, specific to its own
business environment, subject to Group policy
and authorisation, The second line further
acts in an oversight capacity over the
implementation of controls in the first line.

The financial performance of each business is
monitored against pre-approved budgets and
forecasts ultimately overseen by the executive
management and the Board. As part of the
second line, the corporate control team.
identifies financial risks and mitigates these
with appropriate intemal controls, set out
through minimum expected financial control
requirements. The effectiveness of the global
financial control framework is reviewed
annually. Further, the Group's compliance
controls include the operation of an
independent and anonymous ‘Speak Up’
whistle-blowing hotline, annual management
reviews and the provision of training specific
to individual needs within the business.

3. The third line of defence is provided by
the Internal Audit function which provides
independent and objective assurance to
‘management and the Committee on the
adequacy and effectiveness of risk management
systems and internal controls operated by the.
first and second lines of defence. Internal audit
also facilitates the risk management process.

Reckitt’ internal control framework provides
assurance that business objectives are
achieved, that business is conducted in an
orderly manner and in compliance with loca!
laws, that records are accurate, reliable and
free from material misstatement, and that
risks are understood and managed.

The corporate control team is accountable
for managing global financial control policies
and frameworks and for monitoring the
effectiveness of the Group’ internal financial
control environment. Corporate control is
responsible for reporting and monitoring

Controls at local, area and global levels, working
‘with markets to improve risk and controls
Capability and to support the development

of remediation plans and corrective actions

for financial control weaknesses

To meet upcoming changes to the Code, the
Company has established a multi-year controls
transformation programme. Alongside meeting
requirements of the Code, the programme
aims to embed a control focused culture which
will help strengthen internal controls across the
Group. In 2023, the controls transformation
programme launched an updated, standardised
and risk-focused controls framework for
financial and IT general controls, including new
evidence standards to enable consistent
documentation of the operating effectiveness,
Of financial and IT general controls. Following
launch, the second line of defence team,
supported by external advisors, conducted

‘a comprehensive fit-gap assessment to
determine the required uplift to comply with
the new framework and evidence standards.

‘As anticipated, gaps versus the framework
‘and standard were identified in relation to
the retention of evidence and the formality
‘and consistency of control operation. in 2024
‘remediation work continued alongside a
‘programme of control testing covering
financial and IT general controls.

‘At each meeting, the Committee reviews
a report outlining the status of the controls
transformation programme, the results of
testing remediation progress, and other
notable controls activity since the previous
meeting. In 2025, assurance over the
operating effectiveness of controls in

the revised framework will be provided

by testing conducted by the second line
of defence team.

Internal auditor effectiveness review
The Committee monitors the effectiveness
of the Internal Audit function throughout the
year through the internal audit attendance
‘at Committee meetings, review of work
presented throughout the course of the year
‘and the annyal internal audit effectiveness
‘review. The annual review involves the
solicitation of feedback through a survey
circulated to internal stakeholders including
Non-Executive Directors (including Committee
members), GEC, functional and operational
leadership teams.

The review assessed the skills and experience,
audit quality, audit scope, audit cost, audit
‘communication, independence, and change
catalyst of the Internal Audit function. The
survey reported strong, positive feedback
with management viewing the function as
‘comprising high-quality and skilled individuals
‘who demonstrate a high level of integrity,
independence, and objectivity.

‘The Committee has considered the conclusions
of the effectiveness review and the work
performed by the function during the year and
remains satisfied that the resourcing, quality,
experience and expertise of the function is.
appropriate for the Company and that the
function was objective and performed

its role effectively.

External Auditor

The Committee is responsible for maintaining
the relationship with the External Auditor on
behalf of the Board. The Company's External
‘Auditor is KPMG LLP (KPMG). Following a
competitive tender undertaken in 2017, KPMG
was formally appointed as the Group's External
Auditor by shareholders in 2018. The Company
will be required to conduct its next external
‘audit tender no later than 2027,

For the year ended 31 December 2024, the
Company has complied with the Competition
‘and Markets Authority Order: The Statutory
Services for Large Companies Market

Investigation (Mandatory use of Competitive
Tender Processes and Audit Committee
Responsibilities) Order 2074

The Committee considers and makes a
recommendation to the Board in relation to
the appointment, reappointment and removal
of the External Aucitor, taking into account
independence, effectiveness, lead audit
partner rotation and any other relevant factors,
{and oversees the tendering of the external
‘audit contract.

The Committee approves the External Auditor's
terms of engagement and remuneration and
‘eviews the strategy and scope of the audit
‘and the work plan.

The Committee also monitors the rotation
of the lead audit partner every five years in
accordance with the FRC’s Ethical Standard.
The current lead audit partner, Andrew
Bradshaw, has completed his third year

as lead audit partner.

Tender process -
At the recommendation of the Aucit Committee,
an audit services tender process commenced
during 2024 to provide sufficient time for an
adequate transition in the event that a new audit
firm is selected to perform the statutory aucit
for the year ending 31 December 2026.

In determining the process for the audit services
tender, management will tke into consideration
‘and follow the FRC’s guidance on audit tendering,
with the Audit Committee making robust
decisions to ensure that the requirements of the
FRC's minimum standard for auait committees are
‘met. Included in the process is a review of each
firmn’s most recent FRC Audit Quality Review
reports, consideration of potential conflicts

of interest and independence checks, and
identification of key individuals with appropriate
skills and experience to act as potential lead
partners. Clear and objective criteria for assessing
success will be determined and agreed.

‘yaatepe tepertoovernance

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Anna! Report and Accounts 200493

Audit Committee Report continued

‘A timeline summary of the key steps taken
0 far, and the next steps to take place, are
set out below.

‘July 2024 Review of the audit
market to determine their
minimum capability and
capacity requirements.

January Issued a formal invitation to tender

2025 10 the shortlisted audit firms.

February to Determination of the list of
April 2025 assessment criteria, creation and
‘opening of a data room to share
information, and carrying out
series of management meetings
with each shortlisted firm,
Submission of a written proposal
followed by a presentation to
the Audit Committee from

the shortlisted firms.

Review of proposals

from firms, consideration

by Audit Committee and
recommendation to the Board,

May to
June 2025

June 2025

External Auditor effectiveness review
The annual evaluation of the External Auditor
was cartied out in early 2024 and the results
were reported to the Committee in May. The
assessment of the External Auditor was
conducted using a survey circulated to the
Board, GEC, finance and other functional
leadership and local finance management. The
survey covered the four competency areas in
‘the FRC’s Guidance on Audit Quality: practice
aid for Audit Committees (published in
December 2079): Judgement; Quality Control;
‘Skills and Knowledge; and Mindset and Culture.

Besides the annual evaluation of the External
‘Auditor, the Committee continually reviews the
External Auditor's effectiveness through means
such as the monitoring of its progress against
the agreed audit plan and scope. KPMG reports
to the Committee annually with an audit quality
scorecard, providing a holistic view of, and its
investment in, audit quality and how it
measures its audit quality progress.

External Auditor fees and

non-audit services

The Committee reviews the nature and level of
‘non-audit services undertaken by the External
‘Auditor during the year to satisfy itself that
there is no impact on its independence. The
Committee is required to approve all non-audit.
services. The Board recognises that in certain
circumstances the nature of the service
required may make it timelier and more
cost-effective to appoint a party that already
has a good understanding of Reckitt,

The total fees paid to KPMG for the year ended
31 December 2024 were £24.2 million, of which
£45 milion related to non-audit and audit-
‘elated work (to which KPMG was appointed
principally for the above reasons). The Group's,
internal policy on non-audit fees (effective 1
January 2017) states that, on an annual basis,
‘non-audit fees should not exceed $0% of the
Group's external audit and audit-related fees
for the year. The Board confirms that, for the
year ended 31 December 2024, non-audit

‘and audit-related fees were 22.8% of the
audit fees

Detals of services provided by the External
‘Auditor are set out in Note 4 on page 168.

Independence and reappointment
Reckitt has a formal policy in place to
safeguard the External Auditor's Independence.
In addition, as part of its audit strategy
presentation to the Committee in May, KPMG
identified its own safeguards in place to
protect its independence and confirmed its
independence to the Committee in March.
KPMG demonstrate appropriate professional
scepticism in the papers that are presented

to the Committee in relation to all significant
areas that were identified.

The Group has a policy that restricts the
recruitment or secondment of individuals
employed by the External Auditor into positions
that provide financial reporting oversight
where they could exercise influence over the
financial or regulatory statements of the Group
or the level of audit and non-audit fees. Other
than the provision of advisory services to a
Director in their personal capacity, KPMG had
no connection with the Directors during the
financial year.

‘The External Auditor isa key stakeholder in
helping the Committee fulfilits oversight role
for the Board, The Committee remains satisfied
with the External Auditor's independence and
effectiveness and believes KPMG is best
placed to conduct the Company's audit for

the 2025 financial year KPMG has expressed

2 wilingness to continue as External Auditor

of the Company. Folowing a recommendation
by the Committee, the Board concluded that,

it was in the best interests of shareholders

to appoint KPMG as the Company's External
Auditor for the financial year ending

31 December 2025. The Committee and
Board's recommendation was free from
third-party influence and there was no
contractual term of the kind mentioned

under Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 imposed

con the Company.

In accordance with section 489 of CA 2006,
resolutions to propose the reappointment
of KPMG as the Company's External Auditor
and to authorise the Committee to fixits
remuneration will be put to shareholders

at the AGM on 8 May 2025,

Andrew Bonfield

Chair of the Audit Committee

Reckitt Benckiser Group ple

5 March 2025,

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-408E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
\enegerepor | woverance inane Statements ‘uve infermaven

Reckitt Anal Report and Accounts 202894

COMPLIANCE

COMMITTEE REPORT

The Committee receives regular briefings from key
functional teams to enable it to discharge its oversight
ities and works with the Audit Committee on

responsi
areas of crossover, as needed.
Mehmood Khan

Chair of the Compliance Committee

Member Meotings attended
Mehmood Khan (Chair) Member for the whole year, Chair

from May 2024 3/4
Kris Licht Member for the whole year a4
Marybeth Hays Member since February 2024 33
Chris Sinclair Member until May 2024 22
Olivier Bohuon Member until May 2024 We
Pam Kirby (Chait) Chair and member until May 2024 22

On behalf of the Board, | am pleased
to present the Compliance Committee
Report for the financial year ended

31 December 2024. This report details
how the Committee has discharged
its role and responsibilities during the
year in accordance with our Purpose
and Compass

Committee membership

Members of the Committee are appointed

by the Board on the recommendation of

the Nomination Committee, which reviews
membership in terms of skills, knowledge and
experience. There were a number of changes
to the members of the Committee during the
year, with Pam Kirby stepping down as Chair
and Chris Sinclair stepping down as a member
following the AGM in May when they both
retired from the Board, and the sad news

Of the death of Olivier Bohuon in early May.

| would like to thank them all for their
valuable contributions to the Committee.

| took over as Chair of the Committee following
the AGM on 2 May 2024. Kris Licht continued

as a member and Marybeth Hays joined the
Committee in February 2024 when she joined
the Board.

On joining the Committee and during their
tenure, members receive an induction tallored
to their individual requirements. This includes
meetings with internal management

responsible for Compliance Committee
matters. All members of the Committee
receive regular briefings from senior executives
‘on matters covering governance, regulatory
and legislative developments, product safety
and ethics-related matters, along with updates
con Reckitt's practices and policies in

these areas.

During the year, the Deputy Company Secretary
for the February Committee meeting, and the
Head of Secretariat for the remainder of the
year, acted as Secretary to the Committee.

Meetings
In 2024, the Committee held four meetings,
Meetings usually take place ahead of Board
meetings and the Chair of the Committee
reports formally to the Board on the Committee's
activities. The CEO, CFO, Chief R&D Officer,
General Counsel & Company Secretary, Chief
‘Supply Officer, Chief Ethics and Compliance
Officer, SVP Regulatory Affairs & Global Safety
Assurance, and the SVP Head of Global Quality
regularly attend meetings. Other Board Directors
ate invited to attend all meetings, and other
‘senior management attend when deemed
appropriate by the Committee

Time is allocated at each meeting for private
discussions with the Chief R&D Officer and
Group General Counsel & Company Secretary
without other invitees being present, as required,
‘as well as a private meeting of the Committee
members. All Board members are provided with
copies of Committee papers and minutes.

‘Areas of focus Further detail Pag

Legal compliance andethics Risk Management 52-56
Section 172 Statement 78
Audit Committee Report 86-93

Product safety and quality Value creation model 30-15
Stakeholder Engagement 47

R&D and regulatory compliance _fisk Management 52-56


Yunege renee wovenance:

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Rechte Aral Report and Accounts 2024 95,

Compliance Committee Report continued

In addition to reviewing matters at Committee
‘meetings, the Committee Chair held regular
‘meetings with our CEO, Chief R&D Officer, Chief
Supply Officer and Chief Ethics and Compliance
Officer, to review progress against the strategy
‘and to represent the Board in supporting the
compliance efforts in these critical areas.

Committee effectiveness review

This year, an internal effectiveness review of the
Committee was conducted as part of the
Board's overall effectiveness review (see pages
79-80), Following last year's external review,
where the role and scope of the Committee
was highlighted, the Committee's remit was
changed in June which is detailed below. The
Committee was rated very highly this year, with
the change in scope positively received. The
Board, having had sight of the results of the
Committee's performance review, considers
the Committee to be operating effectively.

‘Change in scope and remit of the
Committee

‘As announced on 19 June 2024, the role and scope
‘of the Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability,
Ethics and Compliance Committee (CRSECC) was
reviewed earier in the year and it was agreed by
‘the Board to align the Committee to our principal
tisks related to product regulation, product
uaiity and safety, and legal and compliance.
‘This wil alow the Committee to focus on these

Key activities

during 2024 February

Legal Compliance and Ethics report

+ ESG update

+ Changes to Product Regulations report

+ Product Safety and Supply report

+ Employee Health and Safety report

+ External Affairs report

+ Deep dive on changes to regulation
under EU Green Dear

critical areas and the compliance culture at the
Company, ESG and sustainability matters have
retuned to the remit of the ful Board. Given the
‘change in scope, the Committee has been
renamed the Compliance Committee.

Role of the Committee

The Committee is part of the Group's
governance framework and supports the Board
in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in
ensuring the integrity of the Group's product
regulation, product quality and safety, legal and
compliance risks, policies, programmes and
activities Its role and responsibilities are set
ut ints terms of reference, which can be
found at www.reckitt.comyinvestors/
corporate-governance, and are reviewed by
the Committee annually. The Committee's
terms of reference were updated following the
Change in remit of the Committee following
feedback from the Board evalvation carried out
in 2023. The updated terms of reference were
approved by the Board in June 2024.

The Audit Committee has @ monitoring function
in espect of risk management and internal
control systems, which also includes the
assurance framework established by
‘management to identify and monitor risks
identified by the Compliance Committee. The
Committee liaises with the Audit Committee and
Marybeth Hays is a member of both Committees.

CRSECC
May
+ SG update
Quay report

+ External Affairs report
+ Compliance report

Legal Compliance and Ethics report

+ Changes to Product Regulations report
+ Product Safety and Supply eport
+ Employee Health and Safety and

Responsibilities of the Committee
‘The Committee reviews the following areas
throughout the year as part ofits remit and
responsibiities, with its terms of reference and
in the context of the Group's principal risks:

+ Oversee, assess, monitor and recommend
policies, processes and procedures relating
to health and safety and product quality,
compliance matters (including anti-bribery,
competition law, data privacy, trade sanctions,
anti-money laundering, regulatory and quality
risk assurance and restrictive trade practices
‘and ethical conduct), ensuring they align with
the Company's culture, purpose and values

+ Inconjunction with the Audit Committee,
reviewing the Company's whistle-blowing
‘arrangements, including the adequacy and
security for the workforce to raise concerns
‘about the possible wrongdoings in financial
reporting or other matters

+ Receiving and reviewing reports regarding
investigations of allegations raised through
the Speak Up system

+ Monitoring and reviewing processes for risk
assessment for product quality and
compliance matters and ethical conduct

+ Reviewing mitigating actions for product
quality and compliance risks and receiving
reports on progress of risk mitigation

+ Receiving reports from management in
respect of ethics and compliance and
investigating and taking action in relation
tossues raised or reported

‘Committee priorities for 2025

+ Review the remit and activities of the
Committee within the broader Reckitt
governance framework

+ Monitor and prepare for future developments
in product regulation, product quality
and safety and legal and compliance
‘requirements, and review internal processes,
policies and procedures to ensure compliance

+ Continually review and update the Board
on Reckitt’s quality, safety, compliance and
regulatory responsibilities

+ Monitor and review the processes for risk
assessment of key principal risks including
in relation to product regulation, product
quality and safety and legal and compliance

+ Keep abreast of market conditions and
‘maintenance of products in the current
{global political and economic landscapes

Mehmood Khan

Chair of the Compliance Committee

Reckitt Benckiser Group ple

5 March 2025,

Compliance Committee

July
+ Legal Compliance and Ethics report

+ Changes to Product Regulations report
+ Product Safety and Supply report

+ Deep dive on employee health and safety

November

+ Legal Compliance and Ethics report

+= Changes to Product Regulations report

+ Produet Safety and Supply report

+ Review of implications for product
reguiations, product quality and
‘compliance activites in elation to the
stvategy announcement made in July 2024

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

eatege pat overnance manga sttemens Une mrormauon

Reckitt Arua! Repor and Accounts 2028 96.

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION REPORT

Our proposed Remuneration Policy is aligned to our strategy,
and to our remuneration philosophy and principles including
our pay-for-performance and share ownership culture.

Mary Harris

Chair of the Remuneration Committee

Member Meetings attended!

Mary Harris (Chair) Member for the whole year and Chair

since May 2024 5/5

Sir Jeremy Darroch Member for the whole year 5/5

Fiona Dawson Member and Chair Designate since June 2024 33

‘Alan Stewart Chair and member until May 2024 nn

Olivier Bohuon Member until May 2024 n

Chris Sinclair Member until May 2024 n

During 2024, the Commatge held five schecited meetings signed io Owe Company's Boars
mmeettg eye in aaaiton, one non-scheouied meetng wos hed n Decemoe 203 stead

byalltew seve Commitee members

Contents of Directors’ Remuneration Report

96 __ Letter from the Chair

99 Reckitt's remuneration at a glance
103__ Directors’ Remuneration Policy

T10__ Annual Report on Remuneration
127__ Additional remuneration disclosures

Letter from the Chair

(On behatf of the Board, | am pleased to present
the Directors’ Remuneration Réport for the
financial year ended 31 December 2024. ! would
like to thank shareholders for their support of
‘our 2023 Annual Report on Remuneration at our
‘AGM on 2 May 2024, which received a strong
vote in favour of 94%,

In ine with thé normal three-year lifecycle, we
will be submitting our Directors’ Remuneration
Policy (Policy) for approval at the AGM on 8 May
2025. On the following pages | have shared the
ccontext for the key decisions the Remuneration
Committee has taken this year, in particular the
decisions we took in connection with the
updated Policy, how we rewarded
performance achieved during the year in line
with the current shareholder-approved Policy,
decisions relating to remuneration
arrangements in 2025, and the context of
‘wider workforce remuneration,

The outcome of the Committee's review is that
the Policy remains fit for purpose, aligned to

ur strategy, and aligned to our remuneration
philosophy and principles including our pay-for-
performance and share ownership culture.
Therefore, the Remuneration Committee is

‘ot proposing to make any material changes

~ its largely a rollover of the Policy approved

at the 2022 AGM,

{As part of the Policy renewal, the Remuneration -
Committee has engaged with shareholders

{and shareholder advisory bodies over the past
year. am pleased to say that we have had

the benefit of feedback or engagement with
approximately 40% of Reckitt’s ownership as
well as the key proxy advisors and that the

vast majority of shareholders that we engaged
with were supportive of the proposals and noted
that there is no significant change. We have

provided additional context in response to some
Of the key themes raised by shareholders
‘throughout ths letter and report. We highly
value the inputs and views of all shareholders
‘and their advisors, and on behalf of the
Committee, | would personally ike to take

this opportunity to thank all those who took
the time to engage with us and provide
feedback on the proposals.

The Policy review considered the remuneration
framework in the context of our updated
strategy, focusing on growth and long-term
value creation, our remuneration principles
including our long-established pay-for-
performance and share ownership culture,
and the increasingly competitive global talent
‘market in which we operate. The Committee
also had in mind that shareholders have been
supportive of the current Policy and its
implementation since it was approved by
shareholders at the 2022 AGM, with strong
AGM votes in all years since (all 90%).

The Committee is proposing to make modest
increases to the LTIP which are within the limits
of our current Policy. These changes have taken
into account the following

+ Reckitt’s refreshed strategy, which was
‘announced in July 2024. Its critical that our
remuneration arrangements incentivise our
senior leaders to deliver this strategy as
‘we continue to reshape Reckitt into 3 more
efficient, world class consumer health and
hygiene company focused on a portfolio
of high-growth, high-margin Powerbrands

+ Our focus to retain and incentivise our talent
= Reckitt competes for the best global talent
with the world's largest companies and
many of our senior executives are highly
sought after in this talent market

‘seatepe reper’ Governance

Docusign Envelope IO: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reekit Annual Report and Accounts 2004 97

Directors' Remuneration Report continued

+ Our unchanged pay positioning philosophy,
which sto deliver packages to the Executive
Directors broadly in ine with the median
of the FTSE 30 (excluding Financial Services
‘Companies (FS)) for more modest
performance levels, and packages in
the upper quartile practice for tue
outperformance inluding significant share
pice growth. The primary group used for
assessing the competitiveness of pay is the
TSE 30 excluding FS) of which we are a
Constituent, with a secondary reference
point being our global FMCG peer group
with whom we compete for talent

Further details are discussed on page 110

Performance for the year under review
and strategic context

2024 was a foundational year for Reckitt. We
substantially increased our cash returns to
shareholders and invested in our future growth
‘while weathering unforeseen difficulties. It was
a year of strategic clarity and delivery as we
announced a sharpened portfolio of brands,

a simpler, more effective operating model and
‘drove top and bottom-line growth.

We achieved like-forike net revenue growth
(LFLNR) of #1.4%, within our guidance. Our
adjusted operating profit grew by *8.6%

{at constant FX), and we generated free cash
flow of £2,232m, supporting a record 75%
increase in cash returns to shareholders
through our dividend and continued share
buyback programme,

ur competitive position in Health and Hygiene
has improved, 55% of top Category Market
Units held or gained share, with 15% for
Nutition and 48% for the Group. Our progress
was driven by strong innovation platforms and
increased investment in our brands and RD. In
sly 2024, we announced a strategic reshaping
to create a world-class consumer health and
hygiene company, focused on a portfolio of
high-growth, high-margin Powerbrands for a
simpler, more effective Reckitt.

Overall, the financial performance delivered
in 2024 demonstrates our progress and sets

a strong foundation for future growth. We are
Confident in our refreshed strategy, strengths,
‘and potential to deliver strong growth and.
value creation,

Performance outcomes for 2024
The Committee carried out a thorough
evaluation of the performance of both the
Group and the Executive Directors in the round,
having regard to broader circumstances, and
have determined that the formulaic incentive
‘outcomes set out below are appropriate and
justified in this wider context.

‘The framework and the assessment against
performance which the Committee used are
set out in detail on page 110.

The Committee has adjusted the 2024 bonus
‘and 2022-24 LTIP outtumns for the impact of
the exceptional Mount Vernon tornado for

all participants, including Executive Directors. No
‘one could have foreseen the tornado that hit our
storage facility and the logistical impact, and
therefore this adlustment was made to ensure that
underlying performance was measured in a fair and
consistent manner. The Committee determined
that the level of annual bonus payout and the
total vesting level of the LTIP set out below are
appropriate and justified in this wider context

‘Annual bonus
Reckitt operates an annual bonus plan that

is strongly aligned to performance, measured
against targets of net revenue and adjusted
profit before income tax, with a downward
‘modifier based on net working capital (NWC).

Net revenue performance for the year was
in line with our guidance range. Against our
stretching target range this was between
threshold and maximum and resulted in a
multiplier for LFL net revenue of 1.22x.

We achieved our goal of growing adjusted
operating profit ahead of net revenue ~
driven by year-on-year margin expansion
which resulted in EPS growth of 79%.

Profit before tax performance exceeded the
target range and resulted in a maximum
muitiplier for this measure. Net working capital
performance exceeded the maximum target
‘esulting in a multiplier of 10x. The overal result
under the annual bonus is therefore 65% of
maximum.

This s in lire with all other employees on the
same Group-wide measures.

One-third of bonus payments to Executive
Directors are deferred into Reckitt shares
for three years inline with the Policy.

More details are set out on page 111 of the
‘Annval Report

2022-2024 LTIP
The Reckitt LTIP is designed to align
participants with shareholders through making
awards with stretching performance conditions
denominated in both performance share
options and performance share awards.

Vesting of awards under the 2022 LTIP was
dependent on LFL NR growth, ROCE, relative
TSR, and Sustainability targets.

As @ result of very strong performance over the
three-year period, NR growth was at 4.3% pa
This was towards the upper end of the target
range and resuited in vesting of 81% of this
element. ROCE performance was above the
‘maximum target. Whilst the TSR element lapsed
in ful, the Committee noted that the share price
as at 31 January 2025 was 10% higher than the
(Q4 2024 average price (on which the TSR
outcome is based). We have exceeded the
targets set for carbon reduction, by optimising
high energy manufacturing processes (especially
those using natura g2s), increasing our use of
renewable energy, and investing in longer tere
renewable electricity generation, which alowed
Us to achieve a 69% reduction in GHG emissions
in 2024. This exceeds our 2030 ambition by
several years and therefore our performance was
above the maximum range, with full vesting
Under this element. We aso delivered 35% of our
net revenue from more sustainable products by

focusing on the raw materials used in our
products and continuing our programmes to
reduce the use of certain chemicals. This
element of our LTIP also exceeded the maximum
target range and resulted in full vesting under
this measure. As set out on page 116 the overall
‘outcome is that 68% of the award vests.

Inline with our Policy, there is a further two-year
holding period attached to vested LTIP awards.

Implementation in 2025

The Committee is proposing some modest
changes to the implementation of the Policy,
further detail of which is set out below.

Base salary
In relation to base salary, the CEO was awarded
2.4% increase for 2025, in ine with the wider
UK workforce. It should also be noted that in
2024 the CEO received no salary increase.
Whilst we remain committed to ensuring the
package is weighted to performance-based
elements, the Committee is mindful that the
CEO's salary has now fallen below the lower
quartile of the FTSE 30 (excluding FS) and will
keep this under review in future years

‘As part ofthe refreshed strategy, the scope of
the CFO role has been expanded significantly
to include responsibility for IT and Digital. This,
is no longer a separate GEC role and instead
the function reports to the CFO. As part of

this, the CFO will now play a critical role in
delivering the Group's strategy by building a
data-driven, digitally enabled Business, and has
responsibilty for a significantly larger number
Cf people. This global function is critical to the
success of the Company, as we continue to
build on our strong data and Al foundations,
setting our global teams up for success and
better serving our customers and consumers.
To reflect the increase in scope and complexity
of the CFO role, an additional salary increase of
'5% on top of the wider workforce increase of
4% has been awarded, resulting in a total of 9%.


uaepe report voveronce

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 202498.

Directors' Remuneration Report continued

Annual bonus
There are no proposed changes to the annual
‘bonus opportunities or performance measures,
For the 2025 Annual Performance Plan (APP) the
Committee's assessment of performance in the
round wil also include consideration of
‘performance in relation to the execution and
delivery ofthe refreshed strategy. Further detalis
set out later in this report.

inp
Within the limits of the existing Policy a modest
increase is proposed to LTIP award levels. 2025
award levels for the CEO will be set at 87,500
performance shares and 175,000 performance
share options (previously 75,000 and 150,000
respectively), with the CFO's award set at
42,500 shares and 85,000 options (previously
40,000 and 80,000 respectively).

‘This takes into the account the context set out
eater inthis letter including alignment to our
refreshed strategy, the global talent markets in
which we operate, and our remuneration principles
including our historic pay positioning philosophy.
During the shareholder consultation some
‘shareholders asked for further detail on how the
Committee determined the number of
performance shares and performance share
‘options. These increases are intended to move
the package closer to our desired positioning
against the FTSE 30 (excluding FS) outlined earlier
in the report. In reviewing the packages, the
‘Committee based this on assuming a share price
‘at award of £60, broadly inline with historic levels
and higher than the current share price. At the
‘current share price, the package continues to be
below our desired positioning

The package also continues to be materially
below typical market practice in our global peer
‘group. Over recent years multiple senior leaders
from across the Group have been targeted by
global competitors. Whilst we are not intending
to match US pay levels (our remuneration
packages are positioned significantly less
‘competitively in all performance scenarios,
versus our global sector peers) itis critical that

our arrangements are credible in the markets in
which we operate.

The Committee has also reviewed the
performance measures in operation and is of the
view that the current overall balance of measures
‘remains appropriate and aligned to our strategy
‘and culture. There is a minor change to the
Sustainability measure as we have already achieved
the 2030 ambition for carbon reduction. Further
detail has been provided later on inthis report

Following feedback from shareholders, we
have also reviewed the TSR peer group which
consists of companies that are closely aligned
to Reckitt in terms of business areas and
product portfolios, and are subject to similar
market dynamics. For the 2025 LTIP, JDE Peet's
Lindt, and Mondeléz will be removed from the
peer group on the basis that their product
portfolios are less closely aligned to Reckitt's
and following the addition of Haleon and
Kenvue resulting in the peer group being a
sufficiently robust size. Further detail is
provided later on page 126,

Share ownership
Our share ownership guidelines, which are
‘amongst the highest in the Uk-listed market
{and our international peers, will be retained
to support our culture of share ownership.

NED fees
During the year, the Chair and Non-Executive
Director (NED) fees have been reviewed taking
into account increases awarded to the wider
workforce and market practice. The fee for the
CChair wil increase by 4%, in ine with the increase
applied to the wider workforce. The basic NED
fee willincrease to £115,000, with effect from

1 January 2025, which is broadly inline with

the wider workforce. There are also modest
increases to the additional fees for being Senior
Independent Director, Committee Chait, a
Committee member, and the Designated
Employee NED to reflect the time commitments
{and responsibiities of the roles. Further details are
set out on page 129. 25% of the Chair fee and.
bbasic NED fee continues to be paid in shares.

‘We will continue to review NED fees to ensure
they are appropriate and competitive against
the market,

Context for remuneration of the

wider workforce

Reckitt is committed to fair and consistent reward
polices for its employees, aligned with our
‘Compass, remuneration philosophy and our culture.
Amidst significant organisational transformation,
review of the pay structure across the whole
organisation has been undertaken alongside the
review of the Executive Director Pobcy. Partnering
with our wider Reward and HR team, the
Remuneration Committee has considered and
reviewed multiple elements of reward including
salary structures, bonus designs, LTP and benefits
throughout 2024,

In. 2025 we have updated several elements
of how we set and measure performance,
supported by our established cycle of objective
setting, performance reviews and assessment,
‘and development conversations. These changes
tensute that we not only further strengthen our
performance culture, but also ensure that our
colleagues remain purpose led and values driven,
Our Performance, Talent and Reward philosophy
is algned to ‘who we are’ and recognises both
‘what’ we do and ‘how’ we do it in measure.
Centra to our remuneration philosophy are the
principles of pay for performance, shareholder
‘and strategic alignment. For the majority of
colleagues, their performance will feed into our
‘annual bonus (APP) alongside our collective
performance against key performance metrics,
{alioed to individual markets. Reckit’s most
senior managers participate in our Long-Term
Incentive Pan (LTIP). Participation has been
‘expanded for 2025, introducing @ more long-term
‘element of reward to balance in-year
performance, enhancing our culture of ownership
and supporting us in recruiting, retaining and
developing the best global talent.

This builds on several other initiatives we already
have in place for employees, futher detail of
‘which is provided in the Directors! Remuneration
Report. In particular, participation in all-employee

share plans is offered to over 95% of our
‘employees where local egislation permits and as
‘of 2024 year end over 13,000 Reckitt employees
were participating in one of our share plans
fostering our culture of ownership and.
shareholder alignment. Amongst other market-
related benefits, al employees have life insurance
of at least 2x base salary and have access to an
appropriate Employee Assistance Programme.

In addition as part of our Sustainable Livelihoods
framework, we are proud that in 2024 Reckitt has
achieved the Fair Wage Network Global Living
Wage Certification, confirming that we pay all our
employees above the living wage in allocations.
This formal accreditation soiifies our commitment
to fair compensation and equitable treatment.

For more information, please refer to pages 121-123,

Conclusion
(On behaf of the Committee, | would like to thank
shareholders for their continued support and
‘engagement during the year. hope that you find
this report a clear explanation of the proposed
Remuneration Policy. We welcome any comments
you may have on this report and | ook forward to
your support at the upcoming AGM on 8 May 2025.

‘As announced earlier last year, Fiona Dawson will
bee taking over as Chair of the Remuneration
Committee following the AGM and | thank her
for her input and guidance since joining the
Committee in June 2024. As announced in
Novernber, Mahesh Madhavan joined the
Remuneration Committee in February 2025.

| would also lke to thank my fellow Committee
members for their insight and commitment; and
shareholders, for their invaluable feedback and
support which has helped inform and update
our proposed Remuneration Policy, and for thei
support during my tenure as Chair of Reckitt's
Remuneration Committee,

Mary Harris
Char ofthe Remuneration Committee
Reckitt Benckiser Group ple

5 March 2025

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642967C9CB4

‘Wrawege reper wovernance  nnsneis statement Urner ormaton

Reckit Ana! Report and Accounts 202499

Directors' Remuneration Report continued

Reckitt's Remuneration at a Glance

Reckitt aims for leading global performance. Our sefreshed strategy focuses on growth
and long-term value creation and our remuneration principles remain aligned to this
change and continue fostering our strong pay-for-performance culture.

(Our management team is multinational, and we compete for talent globally. Central

to our remuneration philosophy are the principles of pay-for-performance, shareholder
alignment, strategic alignment, and rewarding the right behaviour. Combined with

‘our Compass and business model, these principles support our long-established
pay-for-performance and share ownership culture, driving accelerated growth and,
supporting long-term value creation,

To reinforce our philosophy, the majority of the Executive Directors’ remuneration
packages consist of variable at-risk pay, linked to challenging targets that align
with our strategy and are largely delivered in Reckitt shares. Additionally, we have
shareholding requirements for Executives amongst the highest in the UK market.
This approach is cascaded throughout our senior leadership.

Reckitt's Compass Remuneration philosophy
own Pay tor
performance
Dotre
core righting, Create
‘avays
strategic Shareholder
signment algnment
Deliver
Reckitt's strategy

+ Purpose and culture fit forthe future Scaled global footprint

Excellent band portfobo for value creation Enhanced returns to shareholders

See page 16 for more details of our Company strategy

‘The tables below illustrate the remuneration principles at Reckitt, which are driven by our

Compass, strategy and the remuneration philosophy.

1 Recruit, Retain & Develop the best
global talent

+ Engage highly performance-drven individuals

+ Deliver globally competitive pay practice
across our industry peer group

3 Culture of ownership
+ Market leading share ownership
+ Align the interests of management and

shareholders

Incemployment shareholding requirement

2 Ensure high performance culture ‘Numbe ‘Value % of 2024
+ Drive sustainable outperformance and of shares _of shores (2° _snnwetsatery,

shareholder value cEO___200,000 9562000 849%
+ Ahigh proportion of variable pay with CFO 100,000 4.781000 629%

stretching performance targets

ost-employment shareholding requirement?

Numb Value %of 2028
fof shares _ of shares (€)'_annual salary

£0 100,000 _ 4781000 435%

eile Ue say Fed

oy 8k pono

me e 1
ae a :
om

aximum CEO pay under the Remuneration Policy
Note Va of te CEOs masamun 205 package Tne dusates +
fae remoneraton ps lipayout ofthe srl bonus (AP) ant
‘alvesing ofthe IP awats ncding SOX hate poe growth

‘Summary of our Remuneration Policy

The table below summarises the proposed Directors’

CFO

315%

‘Based onthe average closing share price ia GA 2024 of £4781
Reflecting 50% of teem sareoking requirement

4 Ensure alignment with strategy across

the Business
Alignment of performance metrics with
strategic priorities

Alignment across the business of metrics
and ownership

Remuneration Policy which can be found on

pages 103-109. No structural changes to the Policy are proposed,

Year Year? Year?

Years Years. pte Yeart0

Fined pay Salary benefits

and pension

‘Annualbonus One-year

Two-thids pain cash one-thrin Reckitt.

care) Ce aonanaedtor twee ys
feta to futher peomoncecnons

um formance shares and performance

a Sore onto ‘wo-yet holding eto’

Twee-year performance period

Na ures performance condtions

Ten-ye if for option rom grant

‘Shareholding Pedod o ah yeos rom appomiment wo achieve requcements
requirements Two-yox sharehoising requvement port departure


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

\Yeatege repot overance naan statements uinernermaton Rockit Anwal Report and Accounts 2024 100

Link to strategy

Purpose and culture
fit for the future

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued
Excelent brand portfolio
for vale creation

Enhanced retuins
to shareholders

Scaled global
footprint

Summary of our proposed Remuneration Policy

Key features of operation of proposed Policy

How we wilimplement for 2025

Salary, benefits and pension

~ Salary increases and pension contribution
set in context of wider workforce

+ Salaries and benefits set competitively
against peers

+ 4% salary increase, in ine with wider Uk
workforce for the CEO. For the CFO, to
reflect the increase in scope and
complexity of the CFO role, an additional
salary increase of $% on top of the wider
workforce increase of 4% has been
awarded

+ Pension contribution, or equivalent cash
allowance, curently 10% of salary in ine
with the wider workforce in the UK

Link te strategy
~ To enable the total package to support

Unk to strategy

recruitment and retention

‘Annual bonus (APP)

+ Target bonus of 120% of salary for CEO
‘and 100% for CFO

+ One-third deferred into awards over
Reckitt shares for three years

+ Malus and clawback provisions apply

~ Targets set for net revenue and adjusted
profit before income tax

+ NWC target to act as a downward
modifier

+ Threshold performance results in zero
payout, with maximum of 3.57x target for
truly exceptional performance onvall
three metrics

+ Remuneration Committee assessment of
performance in the round

To drive strong performance, with
significant reward for overachievement
of annual targets linked to Reckitt’s,
strategic priorities

+ Use of deferral for longer-term

shareholder alignment

im

formance shares and
performance share options

~ Three-year performance period and
two-year holding period

+ Malus and clawback provisions apply

+ Options have approximately seven years
to exercise post vesting

~ Targets set for LFL net revenue growth =
(40% weighting): ROCE (25% weighting)
telative TSR (25% weighting),
Sustainabiity (10% weighting)

+ Performance conditions are applied to
‘oath performance share options and
performance shares

+ Remuneration Committee assessment of
performance in the round

To incentivise and reward long-term
performance and align the interests of
Executive Directors with those of
shareholders

+ Two-year holding period for longer-term

shareholder alignment

Shareholding requirements

~ Period of eight years from appointment
to achieve

+ Two-year shareholding requirement post
departure

In-employment shareholding requirement
+ CEO: 200,000 shares

+ CFO: 100,000 shares

Post-employment shareholding requirement
equal to the lower of 50% ofthe in-
employment requirement or their actual
shareholding on departure

~ Promotes long-term alignment with

shareholders

+ Promotes focus on management of

corporate risks


Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-€642367C9C84

Vinge eeon: F eovenance “> twancarsttement winerenomaton feck Aus Report and Accounts 2024101
Directors’ Remuneration Report continued
Summary of performance and payout ump
‘Annual performance plan The 2022 TP vested at 68% of maximum, against the performance condons ovr the
The performarice outcome for the annual bonus was 65% of maximum. A third of the bonus is three-year peri
deferred, by way of an award over Reckitt shares. Threshold Maximum Vesting (of
vn Performancemeasure (20% vesting) Achieved 100% vesting) total aw
Performance measure Actualiachioved @stetarge Multiples UFL net revenue growth : :
7 (-year CAGR) H Aowal 4S pe H am%
Net Revenue (NR) ‘Actual £14810 : r2ox 40% weighting) 20% pa 50% pa.
rowth 7 :
9 £15130 ROCE (final year) H ‘Actual 15.3%
; (25% weighting) ; 100%
‘Adjusted profit before ‘Actual £33200 tom ¢ B2% 15.2%
income tax : 7
£3,290 Relative TSR <Medan | Upber om
‘Average Net Working Actual 19% too, eating estan im,
Capital (NWC) “15% ESG%NR from more .
sustainable products Actual 349%
Total 23 ffston 4 100%
achieves (S% weighting) 3%
ESG% reduction in GHG ‘Actual 69.4%
emissions (final year) : ‘ 100%
2024base us (% weighting) 65% %
salary 0p payout in
(© Chofsatary) (eotmas) Tpralvestiog
keris Licht 100,000 65% 2032800 1016-400 Achieved
Shannon Eisenhardt 760.000 100% 65% 1170400 $85,200
deff Cart 190.000_100% 5% _292.600_146,300 reretrnerePertonmence tors "Tare Partormance —“ofeward
‘options vesting ——optlons. shares vesting
1 The 2024 be salary ore Cari pro-rated forthe pein served a Cxacutve Decor Stoned greeted "2 iso vertag or
ies Licht 0000 43,533 oe% 54400-9602 —«aSz72
Jeff Care 6900 32,650 68% 40800-22202 __1061,478

Shannon Ezennarct ci ot participate inthe 2022 LW

1 Kis eh’ LIP award was grated in elation ois previous ole which dé not sit on the Boa, however the ful valve
the awarahas been shown for Wansparency

2. Based onthe average closing share rice in Q 2024 of £4781

3 dell Car's 202 LTP has been pro-rated fr the peviog empoyed

4 Paxformance shares include dwidend equivalents acrued ove the performance pevod


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-SBAC-£642367C9C84

‘Yeatege reper ovemnance rnanca statements uarermermaton

Reckit Anal Report and Accounts 2024 102

Directors' Remuneration Report continued

2024 single figure
cis iene s58Im
Shannon Eisenhardt 301m
Jetf.car £17¥m
7 7 7 T T i T
° 1 2 3 4 5 ‘ 7
Fined remuneration Annual bonus (cash) Annual bonus (shaves) LTIP_—_Buyout

Shareholding of Executive Directors compared to requirements

‘The bar chart below illustrates the Executive Directors’ shareholding compared to the Company's
shareholding requirements. Executives have a period of eight years from appointment to achieve
the requirements of 200,000 shares for the CEO and 100,000 for the CFO. Both Executive Directors
ate showing expected progress towards meeting these requirements as reflected below:

Shareholding
requirement
Curent

shareholding

is Licht
ean

Shareholding
requirement
Current

shareholding

Shannon
Esennarct
£0.71!

Io
(2 20000 «0000 60.000 80000 100,000 120.000 40000 124,000 140.000 200,000,

Shares held? Shares deferred from annual bonus 2024 2025 vesting

1 Curent shaveholsng vale based on he average closing she pic in Q¢ 2024 of £8781

2 telus shoes owned outigh and shares subject fo post-vesingRoking esrictions

2 Thise the estimated numberof shores awarded ater tax under the Deferred Borus Pa, including those tobe deferred rom
the 2025 0°

4 Forks Lent i is the number of shares vesting in May 2025 under he 2022 LIP, estimated aftr tx. For Shannon Eisenhardt
thts the numberof shaves wesing August 2025 granted as buyout awards, esimate se (ae Both inckde
‘vidend equivalents

Remuneration Committee governance

‘Committee membership and meeting attendance
‘The Chief Human Résources Officer was Secretary to the Committee throughout the year. Meetings

‘were also attended by the CEO, CFO and SVP Reward by invitation. Deloitte was the appointed advisor

to the Committee throughout the year. Members of the Remuneration Committee and any person
attending its meetings do not participate in any discussion or decision on their own remuneration

The Committee's role and key activities during the year

The Committee's purpose is to assist the Board of Directors in fulfiling its oversight responsibilty
by ensuring that the Remuneration Policy and practices reward fairly and responsibly, are designed ~
to support the strategy and long-term success of the Company and take account of the generally
accepted principles of good governance.

The key activities and decisions made by the Committee during the year are set out below:
Changes to the Board and GEC

‘Approved remuneration arrangements for appointments to the GEC.

Directors’ Remuneration Policy

Finalised proposals for the 2025 Executive Director Remuneration Policy, including performance
measures and other amendments to policy.

Reviewed feedback from shareholder consultation on the Directors’ Remuneration Policy.
‘Agreed shareholder consultation process and content.
Wider workforce

‘Agreed changes to wider workforce remuneration arrangements as part of the Remuneration
Policy review.

Reviewed current shareholdings and share ownership requirements for sénior employees with
share ownership requirements.

Reviewed wider workforce initiatives,
Performance outcomes and target setting

Reviewed and approved performance outcomes to 2023 annual bonus and 2021-2023 LTIP, taking
into account wider performance of the Company and Executive Directors.

Approved 2025 annual bonus measures and targets and 2025 LTIP award and performance
measures. Approved 2024 LTIP performance targets.

Determined 2025 remuneration packages for the Executive Directors and GEC members.
Regularly reviewed performance for inflight bonus and LTIP awards.
Internal and external governance

Reviewed 2024 AGM voting, wider market trends, shareholder guidelines and corporate
governance updates,

Reviewed Remuneration Committee terms of reference.
Reviewed Remuneration Committee effectiveness.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54C5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘ywatepe report wovernance

Aechitt Arnal Report and Accounts 2024 103

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Directors' Remuneration Policy
This section of the report sets out the Remuneration Policy for Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors, which shareholders will be asked to approve at the 2025 AGM on 8 May 2025 and,

if approved, will take effect from this date. Until this time, the Policy approved by shareholders on 20 May 2022 will continue to apply

‘The Committee has undertaken a thorough review of the remuneration arrangements over the course of the last year. Input was received from Remuneration Committee members, the Chair of the
Board, other Non-Executive Directors and management (including the CEO, CFO, CHRO), and other key stakeholders, whilst ensuring that conflicts of interest were suitably mitigated. Input was also
provided by the Committee's appointed independent advisors throughout the process. The Committee believes that the current Policy remains fit for purpose and supports our updated strategy.
‘Therefore there are no structurat changes to the Policy. Minor changes have been made to the Policy to clarify its intentions.

‘The previous Policy received strong support from shareholders with a vote of 92% in favour. As part ofthis Polcy review, the Committee consulted with shareholders representing over 40% of Reckit’s
‘ownership as well as key proxy advisors. The Committee was pleased to note that overall, shareholders were supportive of the Policy.

Executive Director Remuneration Policy Table
Fixed pay policy for Executive Directors

Component purpose andlink to stat

Operation

Opportunity

Base salary
To enable the total package to
support recruitment and retention

Base salaries are normally reviewed annualy, typically with effect from
1 January. An exceptional review may take piace to reflect a change in the scale
or scope of a Director's role.

Salary levels/increases take account of a number of factors including (but not
limited toy

+ Salary increases awarded across the Group as a whole
+ Individual performance
+ Scope of the role and experience

‘The Committee also currently reviews market data for the FTSE 30 excluding
financial services and a global sector peer group.

Salary increases for Executive Directors will not normally exceed those of the
wider workforce,

Increases may be made above this level to take account of individual
circumstances, which may include (but are not limited to):

+ Increase in the size or scope of the role or responsibilities

+ Increase to reflect the individual's development and performance in the role ~
for example, where a new incumbent is appointed on a below-market salary

+ A significant change in the market competitiveness of salary

Salaries in respect of the year under review (and for the following year) are

isclosed in the Annual Report on Remuneration.

‘Where increases are awarded in excess of those to the wider employee.

population, the Committee wil provide the rationale in the relevant year’s

‘Annual Report on Remuneration.

Pension
To provide appropriate levels of
retirement benefit

Executive Directors may receive contributions into a defined contribution
pension scheme, a cash allowance or 2 combination thereof.

Base salary is the only element of remuneration that is pensionable.

The maximum pension contribution or allowance for Executive Directors will
normally be in line with that available to UK employees or to participants in the
country where they are employed, if different. Contributions are currently set at
10% of salary in line with the current UK employee contribution rate,

Benefits
To enable the total package to
‘support recruitment and retention

Executive Directors receive benefits which consist primarily of the provision of
‘a company carfallowance, healthcare and tax support including preparing tax
returns, although the package can include other benefits that the Committee
deems appropriate, for example, (but not limited to) the cost of legal fees.

‘The provision of a car and driver for business use includes travel from home to
office.

Relocation allowances and international transfer-related benefits may also be
paid, where required.

Where appropriate, benefits may include any tax thereon,

Executive Directors are also eligible to participate in all-employee share plans
‘on the same basis as all employees

Whilst there is no maximum level of benefits prescribed, they are generally set
at an appropriate market-competitive level determined by the Committee.
Benefits in respect of the year under review, and participation in the all-
‘employee share plans, are disclosed in the Annual Report on Remuneration.


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECS1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9CB4

‘wwatepe reper’ Governance

Reckitt AnnualReport and Accounts 2026 108

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Variable pay policy for Executive Directors

Component pupese andlink to stratesy
‘Annual bonus

To drive strong performance, with
significant reward for
overachievernent of annual targets

Use of deferral for longer-term
shareholder alignment

Operation

Targets are typically set by the Committee
around the start of the year, At the end of the
year, the Committee determines the extent to
which these have been achieved.

Performance is normally assessed on an annual
basis, .

Normally one-third of bonus payouts are
deferred into share awards (in the form of
‘options or conditional awards) for a period of
three years.

The Committee has discretion to adjust the
formulaic bonus outcomes both upwards and
downwards (including to zero) to ensure
alignment of pay with performance.

‘Annual bonuses and deferred bonus awards are
subject to malus and clawback provisions.

opr

nity

Performance measures

‘Maximum target opportunity: 120% of salary
Maximum opportunity of 3.57x target (428% of salary)
2025 target opportunity

+ CEO: 120% of salary

+ CFO: 100% of salary

2025 maximum opportunity

+ 35% target

+ CEO: 428% of salary

+ CFO: 357% of salary

Dividend equivalents accrue on deferred share awards
‘during the deferral period

Performance measures may be a mix of financial,
‘non-financial andjor individual measures. For 2025
the bonus is based on 100% financial measures.
Financial performance will be assessed against,
‘one or more key metrics of the Business
determined on an annual basis.

The weighting between different metrics will be
‘determined each year according to Business
priorities.

For performance below threshold, the bonus
payout will be il

Further details, including the performance
measures for the current financial year, are
disclosed in the Annual Report on Remuneration.

LTIP (performance share options
and performance share awards)
To incentivise and reward tong-term
performance, and align the interests
‘of Executive Directors with those

of shareholders

The LTIP comprises grants of performance share
options andjor performance share awards
(based on a fixed number), which vest subject
to the achievement of stretching performance
targets

‘Awards will normally be granted annually with 2
performance period of at least three years.
Additionally, there is normally a two-year holding
period following the end of the performance
Period

The performance conditions are reviewed
before each award cycle to ensure they remain
appropriately stretching,

The Committee has discretion to adjust the
formulaic LTI outcomes both upwards and
downwards (including to zero) to improve the
alignment of pay with performance

‘Awards granted under the LTIP are also subject
to malus and clawback provisions

The Committee normally calibrates LTIP share and option
Grant sizes as a fixed number to provide full alignment
with investors, with a robust adjustment mechanism in
place to ensure that the value of an Executive Director's
total remuneration is appropriate.

‘The award size is determined by the Committee taking
into account performance, the prevailing share price,
‘market data and our pay positioning philosophy.

Notwithstanding the above, the normal limit on the
‘number of options and shares that can be granted to an
individual in respect of any financial year will be 200,000
‘options and 100,000 shares (and 300,000 options and
150,000 shares in exceptional circumstances). Details of the
LTIP opportunity in respect of each year willbe disclosed
in the Annual Report on Remuneration

Dividend equivalents may accrue on performance share
‘awards that vest. Neither dividends nor dividend
equivalents accrue on unvested or vested performance
share options before they are exercised.

Performance measures may be a mix of financial
‘and non-financial measures (including
Sustainability). For 2025 the LTIP is based on 90%
financial measures and 10% on Sustainability
measures.

Threshold performance will normally result in 20%
of maximum vesting. The vesting level will
increase on a sliding scale from this threshold to
100% vesting for stretch levels of performance.

Further details, including the performance targets
attached to the LTIP in respect of each year, are
disclosed in the Annual Report on Remuneration,


Docusign Envelope 1D: FS4ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC.E642367C9C84

‘yrstapelepon | wovemance  rmanca statements Utne ormavon

Reckitt Anna! Report and Accounts 2024 105

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Notes to the Policy Table

Performance measure selection and approach to target setting

The measures used under the annual bonus are selected to reflect the Group's main priorities for

‘any given financial year. With regard to the LTIP, the Committee regularly reviews the performance

‘measures to ensure that they align well with the Company's strategy and with our shareholders!

interests. A combination of net revenue growth, ROCE, relative TSR and Sustainability are

considered the most appropriate 2025 LTIP performance measures for a number of reasons:

+ They are aligned to the Company's strategic priorities,

+ They combine a focus on top-line growth and profitability also capturing how efficient profit
generation has been

+ They provide well-recognised and accepted measures of the Company's underlying financial
performance

+ They include focus on shareholder value creation

+ They provide 2 link to our 2030 Sustainability Ambitions

+ They are measures that the plan participants can directly impact

Targets applying to the bonus and LTIP are reviewed annually, based on a number of internal and

external reference points including the internal business plan, shareholder expectations, and
market practice.

Malus and clawback

The Committee has the discretion to apply malus andjor clawback in the event of the following
circumstances in relation to awards under the annual bonus, Deferred Bonus Plan or the LTIP in the
Circumstances set out in the relevant plan rules and award documentation which currently
includes:

+ Amaterial misstatement of the Company's financial results

+ Gross misconduct by a participant (or serious misconduct in relation to malus). This includes
reputational damage as a result of the misconduct

+ An erroneous calculation in assessing the number of shares subject to an award or the payout/
vesting outcome

+ Comporate failure of the Company

In these circumstances, the Committee may adjust the amount of cash bonus payable and/or

‘operate clawback of the annual bonus for up to three previous years. Deferred bonus awards are

subject to malus and clawback unti the third anniversary of grant and the clawback period

applicable to LTIP awards ends on the fifth anniversary of the date of grant.

Shareholder alignment

The Committee recognises the importance of aligning Executive Directors’ and shareholders’
interests through executives building up significant shareholdings in the Company. Executive
Directors are expected to acquire a significant number of shares over a period of eight years and
retain these until etirement from the Board of Directors.

‘The shareholding requirement for the CEO is currently 200,000 shares and for the CFO is curently
100,000 shares. The shareholding requirement for new Executive Directors will be determined at
the time of appointment, taking into account @ number of factors, including (but not limited to) the
LTIP award levels, share price at the time of appointment and market practice. Details of the
Executive Directors personal shareholdings will be provided in the Annual Report

‘on Remuneration.

‘A formal post-employment shareholding requirement applies to Executive Directors. They are
required to hold the lower of 50% of their shareholding requirement or their actual shareholding at
departure, for a period of two years. The Committee is of the view that this is appropriate on the
basis that the in-employment requirements are amongst the highest when compared to other
Uslisted companies.

‘The Committee retains discretion to amend the shareholding requirements in exceptional
circumstances (for example, in the case of ill health).

Remuneration Policy for other employees

Reckitt's approach to setting remuneration is consistent across the Group, with consideration
given to the level of experience, responsibility, individual performance and remuneration paid for
‘comparable roles in comparable companies. Reckitt is committed to fair and consistent reward.
policies for its employees, aligned with our Compass, remuneration philosophy and our culture.

‘The principles that apply to Executive Directors are cascaded to other employees. Currently,
approximately 16,000 employees are eligible to participate in an annual bonus scheme with similar
metrics to those used for the Executive Directors, in order to drive alignment and a focus on
results. Opportunities and specific performance conditions vary by organisational level, with
business area-specific metrics incorporated where appropriate. The Group Leadership Team is.
also required to build up significant shareholdings in Reckitt. The current shareholding requirement
levels are between 7,200 and 40,000 shares which generally represents between cx to 4x base
salary. Senior managers who comprise c.500 employees are eligible to participate in the LTIP with
performance conditions the same as the Executive Directors, although award sizes vary by
organisational level. For 2025 we are reducing the short-term leverage for our middle managers
and increasing the long-term incentives with an award of restricted shares to further enhance our
culture of ownership.

All UK employees are eligible to participate in the Company's all-employee share plans on identical
terms, with similar plans also operated for employees working outside of the UK

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘rage leponwovemance. rene statement Umnerormavon

Reckit AnnualReport and Accounts 2024 106

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Legacy arrangements and other terms
The Committee reserves the right to make any remuneration payments and payments for loss of
office (including exercising any discretions available to it in connection with such payments)
‘notwithstanding that they are not in line with the Policy set out in this report where the terms of
the payment were agreed (|) before the Policy came into effect (provided that the commitment to
make the payment complied with any applicable Remuneration Policy of the Company at the time
it was agreed) or (i) at a time when the relevant individual was not a Director of the Company. For
these purposes ‘payments’ includes the Committee satisfying awards of variable remuneration,
and an award over shares is ‘agreec’ at the time the award is granted.

The Committee may make minor amendments to the Policy to aid its operation or implementation
without seeking shareholder approvals (eg. for regulatory, exchange control, tax of administrative
purposes or to take account of a change in legislation) provided that any such change is not to the
‘material advantage of the Director.

All discretions available under share plan rules will be available under this Policy, except where

explicitly limited under this Policy. Share awards can be settled in cash or ADRS at the discretion of,

the Committee. The Committee may waive or change performance conditions in accordance with
its terms or if the Board considers it reasonable and appropriate. The same principles apply to the
annual bonus scheme.

In the event of a variation of capital in the Company which impacts the value of a share, which may

include, but is not limited to, 2 capitalisation or rights issue, consolidation, subdivision or reduction

of capital, stock-spiit or demerger, then:

+ The maximum number of share awards and options which may be granted under the LTIP may
be adjusted to ensure that the overall maximum value of awards would be the same
immediately before and after any such event

+ The maximum number of shares subject to an award granted under the LTIP or the Deferred
Bonus Plan, the option price (where applicable), and the performance condition may be adjusted
in accordance with the rules of the plan, as the Committee considers appropriate

Non-Executive Director remuneration
Non-Executive Directors do not have service agreements but are engaged on the basis of a letter
of appointment. In line with the UK Corporate Governance Code guidelines, all Directors are
currently subject to re-election annually at the AGM.

Itis the policy of the Board of Directors that Non-Executive Directors are not eligible to participate:
in any of the Company's bonus, long-term incentive or pension schemes. An element of the basic
fee is, however, currently paid in Reckitt shares.

Details of the policy on fees paid to our Non-Executive Directors are set out in the table below:

Component and objective Approach ofthe Company

Fees (cash The fees paid to Non-Executive Directors are determined by the Board of
and shares) Directors, with recommendations provided by the Chair of the Board and
To attract and retain CEO. The fees of the Chair of the Board are determined by the
Non-Executive Remuneration Committee.

Directors of the
highest calibre with
broad commercial
‘experience relevant
to the Company

‘Additional fees may be payable for acting as the Senior Independent
Non-Executive Director, as Chair andjor a member of a Committee or for
‘ther additional esponsibilies or increased time commitments on 2
‘one-off or ongoing basis (including the Designated NED for engagement
with the Company's workforce).

Fee levels may be reviewed annually, with any adjustments normally
effective from 1 January. Fees are reviewed by taking into account
external advice on best practice and competitive levels, in particular at
FTSE 30 companies. Time commitment and responsibility are also taken
into account

Non-Executive Director fees are normally delivered partly in cash and
partly in Reckitt shares or equivalent (e.g. ADRs) which must normaly be
held until leaving the Company. The fees paid to the Chair of the Board
{and Non-Executive Directors in respect of the year under review (and for
the following year), including the split between cash and shares, are
disclosed in the Annual Report on Remuneration.

‘Aggregate fees are limited by the Company's Articles of Association
Travel and expenses for Non-Executive Directors (including the Chair of
the Board) are incurred in the normal course of business, for example, in
relation to attendance at Board and Committee meetings. The costs
associated with these are all met by the Company. The Company may also
cover any additional costs incurred in association with the role (including
tax thereon), for example in relation to providing tax support including tax
return assistance to Non-Executive Directors.


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘yratege reper covernance naneisstovements Uer ormation

Recklt Annual Report and Accounts 202 107

Directors' Remuneration Report continued

‘Scenarios of total remuneration

The charts below provide an estimate of the potential future total remuneration for the Executive
Directors. Four scenarios of potential outcomes are provided based on underlying assumptions
shown in the notes to the chart

CEO

Minimum 00% 1.4m

Target 36% 36% 2B £39

Maximum’ 12% ae 0% en7m

Maximum? a ame ox £167
T T
£0.0m £1671

CFO

Minirnu 00% €10m

Target 4 ue BH EAM

Maximum 16% 4%, 40% £5.4m

Maximum? x ame som £91
T
£00m 9m

Salary, pension and benefits Annual bonus Long-term incentives.

1 Exclaing share pice growin
2 needing 50% share pice growth

The scenrosin the chart shove have been caleuated on tne flowing assumptions

The Mirman’ scenario ellets bate salary, pension an benefits (fixed femuneration) being the oay elements ofthe
Execttive Drectors remuneration ickage At Ikeda performance. Th s bate on the base salny and pesn alowance

‘ar at January 2025 and an astative valve o he Benes, basew on amounts pus 2024, exclding one-off Derelits
The‘Or-taget scenario sats fed remuneration 2s above ps age dayou of anual bonus and theesld vesting of the LTP.
The Maximum exclucing SO% share rice growth scenno sets ou hed remseratian, ls fl maximum payout ofthe aval
‘bonus and Tull vesting ofthe LIP awards.

The Maxsmum inclucing SO% share price grow’ scenario ets ou aes remuneration pls fll maximum payout ofthe aust
‘Bons ful vesting ofthe LT awards and SO% share pce growth

{AS LP awards ae se as fixed numb of shares and option, the LP vale is based on the number of shares and share options
tobe granted to the Executive Dvectorsin 2005 he valve as been calculated using the teesmon average share pie (othe
‘ong of 2004 of £478 Under the dclosure requirements the fst tee scenarios sbove exclade shave pce apprecaton thre
‘Sptions have therefore been valued using a Black-Scholes opin pring model wth assumptions algned tothe expected We ot
the optons, at 1 of the sttumed share pice st ran The inal scenario clude: 3 0% share prce growin seeumpton ove the
pevlormance pevtod, in ie mith iegiation show be noted that the shave pice appreciation ove the perfoemance peng
‘Sfeater thom that Seige inn the actu total vemune"son may be more ta that sown te above hors

External appointments
‘With the approval of the Board of Directors in each case, and subject to the overriding
requirements of the Company, Executive Directors may accept external appointments as
2 Non-Executive Director of another Company and retain any fees received.

Consideration of conditions elsewhere in the Company

‘Across Reckit, remuneration is reviewed regulary withthe intention that all employees are

aid appropriately in the context oftheir local market and given theic role, experience and
performance. The Company seeks to promote and maintain good relations with employee
representative bodies - including trade unions and works councils ~as part ofits employee
engagement strategy, and consults on matters affecting employees and buliness performance
35 required in each case by law and regulation in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates.

The Company publishes annually to all employees details of executive remuneration and also
invites employees to ask any questions or provide any feedback they may have on the topic. As
part of the recent review of remuneration arrangements and in the development of the Directors’
Remuneration Policy over the past year, the Committee took into account the views of a selection
of our employees. Our NED with designated responsibility for workforce engagement, Elane Stock,
also met with various groups of colleagues over the year to discuss a variety of topics, with
feedback received presented to the Board.

‘The Committee reviews the overall pay framework of the Group including internal relativties,
gender pay and participation in all-employee share plans. The Company encourages share
‘ownership amongst employees.

Consideration of shareholder views
‘The Committee considers shareholder views received during the year and at the Annual General
Meeting each year, as well as guidance from shareholder representative bodies more broadly, in
shaping the Remuneration Policy. The Committee Char speaks with many of the Company's
largest shareholders on the subject of executive remuneration and the Committee is grateful for
allof the feedback which is provided. As set out in the Chairs Letter, n developing this Policy,
the Company received the benefit of feedback or engagement with approximately 40% of
Reckitt's ownership as well as key proxy advisors. The vast majority of shareholders that we
engaged with were supportive of the Company's philosophy and policy on remuneration, and the
Committee will continue to keep its Remuneration Policy under regular review, to ensure it
Continues to reinforce the Company's long-term strategy and aligns closely with shareholders’
interests. The Committee will continue to consult our major shareholders before making any
significant changes to our Remuneration Policy.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Yeaege report ovemnance rnanca statements uinermformaton

Reckitt Aral Repor and Accounts 2024 108

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Approach to recruitment remuneration
External appointment

In cases of hiring oF appointing a new Executive Director from outside the Company, the
Remuneration Committee may make use of all existing components of remuneration, as follows:
Component
Base salary

Approach

The base salaries of new appointees will be determined by reference to
relevant market data, experience and skills of the individual and internal
relativities. Where new appointees have initial base salaries set below market,
cr below the previous incumbent's salary, the shortfall may be managed with
subsequent increases subject to their development in the role.

The maximum pension contribution or allowance for new appointees will
‘normally be in line with that available to UK employees or to participants in the
pension plan relevant to the country where they are employed, if different. For
UK employees this is currently 10% of base salar

New appointees will be eligible to receive benefits which may include (but are
‘ot limited to) the provision of a car allowance or car and driver, healthcare
and any necessary relocation expenses or allowances inline with the ongoing
Remuneration Policy (including tax thereon).

The structure described in the Policy Table will apply to new appointees with
the relevant maximum opportunity.

‘New appointees will be granted awards under the LTIP with a structure in line
{as described in the Policy Table. LTIP grants can take the form of performance
share awards, performance share options or a combination of the two.

Pension

Benefits

Annual bonus

imp

The overall limit of variable remuneration will be as set out in the Policy Table, taking into account
the maximum value of the annual bonus and the maximum awards of options and share awards
under the LTIP,

The Committee may make awards in respect of a new appointment to buy-out’ remuneration
arrangements forfeited on leaving 2 previous employer or engagement, including by utilising
Listing Rule 9.4.2, ie. over and above the approach outlined in the table above. In doing so, the
Committee will consider relevant factors including any performance conditions attached to any
forfeited awards and the likelihood of those conditions being met, with the intention that the value
awarded would be no higher than the expected value of the forfeited arrangements and would
bbe made on a like-for-like basis

Internal promotion
In cases of appointing a new Executive Director by way of internal promotion, the policy will

bbe consistent with that for external appointees, as detailed above; except that where an individual
‘has contractual commitments made prior to their promotion to Executive Director level, the
‘Company will continue to honour these arrangements even in instances where they would

not otherwise be consistent with the prevailing Directors’ Remuneration Policy at the time

of appointment,

Recruitment of a new Non-Executive Director

In recruiting a new Non-Executive Director, the Remuneration Committee will normally use the
policy as set out in the table on page 106. A base fee inline with the prevailing fee schedule will
bbe payable for membership of the Board of Directors, with additional fees payable for acting as
Senior Independent Non-Executive Director, as Chair or member of a Committee, or for other
‘additional one-off or ongoing responsibilities (including the Designated NED for engagement
with the Company's workforce). Fees will normally be delivered partly in cash and partly in Reckitt
shares to be held until retirement from the Company.

The fee for a new Non-Executive Chair of the Board will be set with reference to the time
‘commitment and other requirements of the role and the experience of the candidate. To provide
context for this decision, appropriate market data would also be referenced.

(Other elements may be included in the following circumstances:
+ An interim appointment being made to fill an Executive Director role on a short-term basis,

+ If exceptional circumstances require that a Non-Executive Director takes on an executive
function on a short-term basis,

Service contracts and exit payment policy
Executive Director service contracts, including arrangements for early termination, are carefully
considered by the Committee. In accordance with general market practice, each of the current
Executive Directors has a rolling service contract which is terminable on 12 months’ notice and it
is expected this practice will also apply for any new Executive Directors. In such an event, the
compensation commitments in respect of their contracts could amount to up to one year’s
remuneration based on base salary and benefits in kind, and pension rights, during the notice
period. Termination payments may take the form of payments in lieu of notice and/or provision
of benefits. In appropriate circumstances, the Committee may agree that certain benefits (such
{as medical insurance and tax support) may be continued following termination of employment.
The Company may provide a leaving gift for a departing Director (including payment of any tax
thereon) where the Committee feels that itis appropriate to do so and the value of any gift is
proportionate and not excessive. Copies of Executive Director service contracts are available
to view at the Company's registered office.

‘The Committee may agree exit payments in connection with a Director’ cessation of office
or employment where the payments are made in good faith in discharge of an existing legal
obligation (or by way of damages for breach of such an obligation) or in settlement of any claim
arising in connection with the cessation of a Director's office or employment. This may include
the provision of outplacement support. The Group may also pay reasonable fees for a departing
Director to obtain independent legal advice in relation to their termination arrangements and
‘nominal consideration for any agreement to any contractual terms protecting the Company's
rights following termination

‘The Company's policy on any termination payments is to consider the circumstances on a case-by-
case basis, taking into account the relevant contractual terms in the Executive's service contract,
and the circumstances of the termination. The table overleaf summarises how awards under the
‘annual bonus (including deferred bonus awards) and LTIP are typically treated in specific
circumstances, with the final treatment remaining subject to the Committee's discretion as
provided under the rules of the plan,


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

‘yenoge repo wovemance.

echt Anal Report and Accounts 2024 109

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Reason for cessation Timing of vesting/payment Calculation of vestingfpayment
‘Annual bonus:
Voluntary resignation or termination with ‘cause’ Not applicable. No bonus to be paid for the financial year.

Allother circumstances

Following the end of financial year.

Bonuses will be paid only to the extent that the objectives have been met. Any
such bonus will normally be paid on a pro-rata basis up to the termination date
‘and will typically be subject to deferral requirements where applicable.

Deferred bonus share awards
Voluntary resignation or termination with ‘cause’

Not applicable.

Unvested awards lapse, unless the Committee, in its discretion, decides
otherwise,

All other circumstances

‘Subject to the original time horizons, unless the Commitee, at its
discretion, decides these will vest on cessation of employment.

‘Awards vest in full

imp
Gross misconduct
Any other reason except those set out below.

Not applicable.

Unvested awards normally lapse. Vested but unexercised options lapse. Vested
share awards and any awards or shares in the holding period are normally
retained on the terms of the LTIP, with the holding period continuing to apply
(unless the Committee decides that they will be released early).

health, injury, permanent disability, retirement
with the agreement of the Company, the
participant's employing entity ceasing to be
under the control of the Company, transfer of the
undertaking in which the participant works
outside the Group, redundancy or any other
reason that the Committee determines in its
absolute discretion

‘Awards will vest in line with the original performance, vesting and
holding periods (unless the Committee decides that they will be
released early, in the case of awards in the holding period),

Unvested awards normally vest based on the extent to which performance
Conditions have been achieved (and subject to adjustment of formulaic outcomes
as described above) and reduced to reflect the proportion of the performance
period worked. The holding period will normally still apply

Death ‘AS soon as practicable after date of death (which could be at the Unvested awards will normally vest as soon as practicable after date of death,
‘end of the relevant financial year). No holding period will apply. and, unless the Committee deems otherwise, will normally be subject to the
performance condition (and to adjustment of formulaic outcomes as described
above) and reduced to reflect the proportion of the performance period worked.
Change of control ‘On change of control. ‘Awards will vest to the extent that any performance conditions have been

satisfied and subject to adjustment of formulaic outcomes as described above
(unless the Committee determines otherwise). Awards will also normally be
‘reduced to take into account the proportion of the performance period not
completed, unless the Committee decides otherwise.

‘Awards may alternatively be exchanged for new equivalent awards in the
acquirer or another Company where appropriate.


‘Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

‘yrategereporwovemance  rnareat statement Utne foenston

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2026 110

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Annual Report on Remuneration

The rest of this report sets out how we have implemented our Remuneration Policy in 2024, and
how we intend to implement the Policy in 2025,

2024 performance and remuneration outcomes

In reviewing Executive Director remuneration, the Remuneration Committee took into account
remuneration decisions for the wider workforce and individual performance of the Directors. The
Committee also reviewed market practice, primariy against the FTSE 30 (excluding financial
services companies) and considered an international remuneration peer group which Reckitt
competes with for talent and is subject to similar market forces. Operationally, the international
peer group is representative of the three Reckitt product categories of Hygiene, Health and
Nutition. This comprises 22 companies as follows: Abbott Laboratories, Bayer, Campbell Soup,
Church and Dwight, Clorox, Coca-Cola, Colgate, Danone, GSk, Haleon, Henkel, Johnson & Johnson,
Kellanova, Kimberly-Clark, Kraft Heinz, Nestié, Novartis, PepsiCo, Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Sanofi
and Unilever. This peer group is also used to benchmark remuneration for the GEC.

Assessment of incentive outcomes
The Committee thoroughly evaluates the performance of both the Company and the Executive
Directors in the round to assess whether the formulaic level of annual bonus payout and long-term
incentive vesting are appropriate and justified. The Committee has formalised its approach to this
assessment and the framework which is applied is illustrated below.

What is the formulaic outcome?
Committee to consider year-on-year change, whether this reflects performance trend,
‘and impact on the single figure outcome,

Consider the quality of earnings
Committee to review the resuts i ensure they eflect the underying performance and aso consider ary
exceptionalitems

‘Compare outcome against the shareholder experience
Committee to consider absolute and relative shareholder retun over the relevant periods, the dividend
payments) and the licely shareholder response to results based on broter feedback

Compare outcome with overall Company performance
For example, market share, competitor benchmarking, sustainability, people and culture, strategic progress,
wider stakeholder experience end analyst feedback

Consider any events and other input
For example, eputation(isk related, any change of accounting standards etc. Draw on input from CRSEC
Committee, Audit Committee and management functions and consider the impact of any external head or
tailwinds.

Compare with historical use of discretion
In addition, consider whether bonus and LTIP outcomes are consistent.

Final APP and LTIP outcomes
Committee to agree whether adjustments are required to formulaic results and determine
the final outcomes for APP payouts and LTIP vesting

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Veatege reper eovernance  rnascatstatomens Uxnernermavon

Reckitt Anal Report and Accounts 2028 TH

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Annual bonus in respect of 2024 performance

Executive Director 2024 bonus opportunity

In line with the Remuneration Policy, the CEO and the CFO target bonus opportunities are 120%

Of salary and 100% of salary, respectively, The bonus outcome and payout are calculated as follows:

+ For each performance measure a target range is set

+ Aperformance multiplier is calculated for each measure, calculated by the extent to which the
performance for that measure is achieved. These multipliers can be up to 1.89x for
outperformance of the stretching range set by the Committee. Net working capital is 3
downward modifier only and the multiplier is capped at 10x target,

+ Three individual multipliers are then multiplied together

‘Adjusted

‘tax multiplier (up to 1.00%) ‘multiplier max=3.57x)
(up to 1.89%), "

+ The total performance multiplier can range from zero for performance at threshold or below, to)
357 for truly exceptional performance. The 3.57 multiplier will only be awarded if maximum
performance is achieved on all metrics (ie. 1.89 x 1.89 x 1.00)

+ This total performance multiplier is then applied to the target bonus opportunity to calculate the
‘overall formulaic bonus outcome. This is different to usual UK market practice whereby
performance measures are assessed independently and payment under one metvic may result in
payout regardless of performance in other metrics. In Reckitt, the three measures combine to
give the resultant payout

cash ‘Shares

Performance
‘multiplier

Final bonus.
‘outcome

salary X Targetbonus x > pp +

+ The effect of the multiplicative approach means that a high-performance multiplier can only
be achieved for outperformance on both top-line and bottom-line performance, with excellent
management of working capital

+ Similarly, underperformance in one of the performance metrics will reduce the overall bonus
payout, even in the case of outperformance of the rest

+ For example, if we grow NR above the stretching requirement for maximum performance and
‘maintain an excellent level of NWC, but fail to meet the profit threshold, the bonus payout will
be zero (ie. 189 x 0 x 1.00)

+ One-third of any APP is deferred into an award over Reckitt shares, to strengthen alignment
with shareholders

2024 performance targets

‘The Remuneration Committee set targets for the Executive Directors prior to the 2024 financial
year. These were based on net revenue and adjusted profit before income tax, both measured in
GBP at a constant FX. NWC is also used as a downward modifier on both measures. All targets
‘were based on the business plan at the time, with reference also being made to external
‘expectations of performance and market practice of companies in a similar stage of the business
cycle to Reckitt. In setting the targets, the Committee also had regard to competitor performance.

2024 financial performance against APP targets
{As stated earlier, the Committee has adjusted the 2024 bonus outturn for the impact of the
‘exceptional Mount Vesnon tornado for al participants, including Executive Directors. No one could
have foreseen the tornado that hit our storage facility and the logistical impact, and therefore this
adjustment was made to ensure that underlying performance was measured ina fair and
Consistent manner.

LFL NR performance for the year resulted in £1481 bilion (on a constant FX basis and after
adjustment, which is between threshold and maximum performance, measured against our
stretching target ange.

We achieved £3.22 bilion adjusted profit before income tax (on a constant FX basis, driven by
year-on-year margin expansion which resulted in EPS growth of 7.9%. Our profit before tax
performance outperformed the target range and resulted in a maximum multiplier

‘Average Net Working Capital (NWC) was -7.9%, exceeding the target range and also resulting in
the maximum multiplier. The NWC metric for APP purposes is an Operating NWC and is calculated
as a T2-month average

Docusign Envelope 10: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-SBAC-E64236709C84

‘yratoge enor wovemance  nasness statements Uerer fermen

Reckitt Annual Repor and Accounts 2028 112

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

The chart below ilustrates performance compared to the targets

Maximum
ermance measure Actuayachioves @shrtarget)___Hutpir

Net Revenue (NR) : Actua 48160 a

(constant FX) <£14.26bn £15.13b0

‘Adjusted profit : cual fa32be

before income tax. H femal £33200 18%.

(constant FX) <£2.90bn £3.29bn

Average Net Working : Actual -79% 100.

Capital (NWC) “sive abn

Total 23x
Achieved

These results reflect a year of continued momentum, with top and bottom-line growth and strong
shareholder returns. Total diluted EPS was 349p in 2024, with free cash flow generation of £2,232
milion, supporting £2,709 milion cash returns to shareholders. Reckitt is well positioned today to
Continue to deliver mid-single-digit growth in the medium term. With our proposed 5% increase in
‘our annual dividend, we continue to enhance returns to shareholders inline with our framework for
sustained value creation

The overall formulaic bonus multiplier was 2.31x of target (65% of maximum)

Overall Group performance taken into consideration

Asit does every year, the Committee thoroughly evaluated the performance of both the Group
and the Executive Directors in the round to assess whether the level of annual bonus payout is
both appropriate and justified. The framework that the Committee applies is set out on page N10
and more details including progress on delivery of the strategy, wider people, culture and

sustainabilty is provided below:

Strategic delivery

Portfolio value creation

+ Moving at pace to reshape Reckitt as a
world-class consumer health and hygiene
organisation

+ Significantly sharpened our brand portfolio
{and moving to a simpler, more effective
organisation to maximise long-term value
for shareholders

Financial performance

+ Delivered LFL net revenue growth within
revised full-year guidance range and grew
adjusted operating profit ahead of net
revenue, enabling EPS growth of 8%

Product superiority

+ Ensured every brand has earned its place in
‘ur portfolio by meeting our three
principles of value creation

+ Invested in our brands and deepened their
equities through innovation, driving net
revenue growth from premiumisation of
our products

Win in market

+ Equipped our organisation with better tools,
‘and capabilities to enable our teams to
execute with excellence in market

+ Boosted the agility of our US OTC supply
capabilities through commissioning a new
manufacturing facility in Wilson, North
Carolina

Fixed cost optimisation

+ Expanded our cost efficiency initiatives in
‘our new Fuel for Growth programme,
which targets at least 300bps reduction in
‘our corporate fixed costs as we exit 2027,
from 2 2023 baseline

+ Delivered 90b9s of fixed cost savings.
in FY 2024 through streamlining our
corporate functions

Enhancing returns to shareholders

+ Committed to returning surplus cash to
‘our shareholders through our dividend,
and share buyback programme

+ Increased our dividend by 5%

+ Returned £2.7 billion in cash to
shareholders, a 75% increase versus 2023,

Market share

+ Our competitive position in Health and
Hygiene has improved, 55% of top Category
Market Units held or gained share, with 15%
for Nutrition and 48% for the Group

Docusign Envelope 1D: FS4EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£64236709C84

Suaepe reper woverance,

Reckitt Anus! Reportnd Accounts 2024 13

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Sustainability

Purpose-led brands

+ 34.9% net revenue from more sustainable
products, improved from 29.6% in 2023

+ 13% reduction in product carbon footprint
vs 2015,

+ 8% recycled content in our plastic and 15%
reduction in virgin plastic packaging

+ 24% reduction against target 65% product
‘chemical footprint reduction by 2030.
Reduction has been created by ongoing
R&D activity

Healthier planet

+ 69% reduction in GHG emissions in
‘operations. We continue to surpass this
target for 65% reduction by 2030

+ 100% renewable electricity purchased for
manufacturing, 96% of our electricity
‘comes from renewable sources

+ Water efficiency: 6% against our target of
30% by 2025, We have focused more on
GHG emissions reduction

+ Water stressed locations: Revisions in the

water stress mapping confirmed 16 sites in

2024, of which 2 (Hosur and Mysore) now
achieve neutrality. Programmes are in in
place in Mexico and Pakistan, with others
planned in South Africa and China.

+ Waste: 23% reduction against our target of

25% by 2025; 100% zero waste to landfill
from manufacturing

Fairer society

+ An inclusive culture where everybody is
treated fairly and equally

+ Our teams represent the diverse places
‘where we work and the people we serve

+ Gender balance at all management levels: S1%

+ Achieved the Fair Wage Network Global
Living Wage Certification, confirming that
‘we pay all our employees above the living
wage globally

Wider stakeholder experience

‘Suppliers and external partners

+ Partnered with the Fair Rubber Association
‘and Earthworm Foundation to improve the
livelihoods of smaltholder latex farmers in
Thailand and protect the ecosystem

+ In 2024, met target to pay the premium on
100% of the latex we buy

+ Continued to invest in 7,000+ latex farmers
10 deliver 15% increase in yield, 10%
improvement in quality and resistance to
plant diseases and significant increase in
incomes

+ Worked with human rights organisation
‘Our Journey in Malaysia to complete 3
‘mapping of human tights risks

+ Continued partnership with the Sustainable
Agriculture intiative's Sustainable Dairy
Partnership, to collaborate with suppliers
‘and peers to work on 14 focus areas
that will make the dairy industry
more sustainable

+ Continued to increase RSPO mass balance
Certified volumes for ft blends and soap
noodles (paim oil commitment), aiming for
100%

+ Integrated the WWF partnership within our
palm sourcing programme in Indonesia and
Continued to fund the Earthworm
programmes in Indonesia and Malaysia

+ Continued engaging our third-party
manufacturers through Manufacture 2030
tohelp them reduce their environmental
footprint through a series of innovative
projects and behavioural changes

+ Established Supplier Sustainability
Standards in 2024 for selected raw
‘materials and packaging suppliers to
comply with, covering areas such as
Greenhouse Gas emissions, water,
and waste

+ Continued focusing on our program for
Human Rights and Responsible Workplace in
‘our own operations and as well at external
‘manufacturers and materials suppliers

+ Running external Innovation partnership
program Partners to innovate with keys
strategic suppliers

Customers and communities
Delivered improved execution with our
largest Global customers, driving product
availability enhancing communication and
customer satisfaction within key customers.

North America

+ Improved instock and sales with our
largest customer. Specific wins include
reaching 97% instock at Walmart with
Mucinex. Delsym and Cepacol getting
on-shelf ahead of the season, putting our
consumers frst

+ Implemented Truckload Optimization in
Canada, saving 33 MT of CO, and $104k
CAD in freight costs, achieved best-in-
Class strategic support with Walmart
and Loblaws

+ Execution of eleven (11) promotional events
with Costco in a single month, achieving
a record goal and delivering a 7% increase:
in sales in the quarter as we sought out
‘new opportunities

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘saatege tepert wovernance

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2028 4

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Europe

+ Established a permanent direct delivery
model in the UKI, achieving significant
CO, and cost savings, and implemented
a collaborative forecasting program,
successfully launching all range reviews
with Tesco, building shared success

+ Selected as a key partner in France
bby Carrefour within the sustainability
program

Emerging Markets

+ Improved service level with Panda in KSA
from 67% to 87%, conducted a Value
Chain Mapping workshop with Amazon
KSA, improving service tevels from 71%
(2023) to 86% (2024), and received
prestigious awards from top customers,
including Nahas Partner Award

Sales and Customer Partnerships

+ Received multiple awards and customer
recognitions as a “partner of choice”
where 2024 was the point where
"Reckitt turned around last year and
they are happy with the improvements
that you've made Walmart Merchant

+ Additional positive feedback received
Albertsons, Kroger, Target, Walgreens,
‘and Amazon for strong partnerships and
innovative approaches, and selected as
the Rising Star Partner of the Year with
Office Depot for excellence in sales,
marketing, and collaboration

People and culture

Pay, recognition and benefits
‘Alongside the Remuneration Policy Review,
we refreshed our philosophy and principles,
‘now putting ‘tewarding the right behaviour’ at
the core of our remuneration strategy. We
made changes to our annual bonus plan
through the introduction of an individual
performance element, recognising both what"
‘we do and ‘how’ we do its key. ln addition,
‘we expanded our LTI offering to @ wider
‘lobal population. From 2025 these colleagues
willbe granted Reckitt shares balanced by
‘changes to their annual bonus. Our
rebalancing of remuneration reflects our
strategy and focus on long-term performance
and value creation.

We are proud to announce that in 2024,
Reckitt has achieved the Fair Wage Network
Global Living Wage Certification, confirming
that we pay all our employees above the living
wage in all locations, as defined by the Fair
Wage Network. This formal accreditation
solidifies our commitment to fair
compensation and equitable treatment. The
living wage accreditation is contained within
our "Sustainable Livelihoods" framework
which, in addition to compensation, promotes
health, equality, employment rights, financial
security, and career development, aligned
with our 2030 Sustainability Ambitions.

We also continue to be an accredited Living
Wage Employer and paying at least the Living
‘Wage to all our UK employees and contractors.

Following a successful plot in Poland and the
United States in 2023, we have now extended
‘our pay equity analyses across our top 10,
markets and European countries with very
positive results in 2024. Building on this
achievement, we are now preparing to
expand this initiative to all our global

markets in 2025.

(Our Gender Pay and Inclusion Report aleady
{goes beyond the legal requirement, covering
Reckitt’s top 10 markets including the UK and
included a robust update on Inclusion progress.
The median gender pay gap inthe UK is -91%
In 2024, we have extended our private
healthcare insurance benefit, ministered
by Bupa, to include all colleagues at our UK
manufacturing sites. Previously, this benefit
was only available to office-based employees.
With this change, all UK employees are now
eligible to receive private healthcare insurance.

iversity and Inclusion
‘Our Inclusion strategy focuses on People,
Brands, and Procurement, overseen by our
Global inclusion Board. We implemented the
Global Equality Standard (GES) framework
globally and in five key markets (Mexico, India,
UK, US, and Brazil) starting their three-year
road maps in 2024.

‘The Reckitt ‘Leading inclusively’ programme
was launched at our Leadership Conference,
focusing on building diverse teams, active
listening, inclusive decision-making and
recognising individual contributions. We are
finalising plans to embed this philosophy and
way of working within our wider Learning and.
Development curriculum in 2025.

Reckitt's Conscious Inclusion programme
places an emphasis on our collective role in
Creating an inclusive workplace. To date, over
12,300 people have engaged in online learning
and team-based conversations.

We submitted gender balance data to the 'FTSE
Women Leaders’ Review. And participated in
the ‘Parker Review’ the UK government's
‘annual ethnicity-in-leadership census. At a
{global level, and in markets where itis possible
t0 seek this information, more than 4,600
colleagues have consented to share their
diversity data with us

(Our Global ERGs play an integral role in our
Inclusion strategy. We launched the Positive
Portrayal Panel’ in Europe in partnership with
‘our Marketing Excellence team, with the focus
‘on campaign design to ensure diversity and
inclusion is at the heart of our consumer focus.

(On Disability Inclusion, we refreshed our
global disability & adjustments policy and
hosted a Stronger Together conversation
where leaders and colleagues shared their
experiences with disability.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECS5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

eaege reper overnance rane statements

Recklet Annual Report and Accounts 2026 11S

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

(On LGBTQ+ Inclusion, Reckitt India was
awarded a bronze rating by the India
Workplace Equality Index. Reckitt UK! was
ranked as a ‘top employer’ and received a gold
rating for the Stonewall UK Index.

We continue to maintain gender balance at al
management levels. Our Women@Reckitt
(20+ local champions) exists to champion the
case for change. For International Wornen's
Day 2024, champions led local activations
including Stronger Together conversations and
Speed Mentoring events.

‘Our Race & Ethnicity ERG operates across S
regions. in 2024, the Group hosted a Global
Day Against Racism event to highlight the
power of allyship and the CEO joined the
discussion,

351 small and diverse suppliers were
supported by Reckitt US in 2024. Over S% of
spending on small andjor diverse businesses
‘was reached by Reckitt US in 2024.

Wellbeing
In 2024, almost 15,000 attendees to Bette Life
events. We pivoted our wellbeing program to
focus on change and transition during our
business transformation, acknowledging that
employees needed support with navigating
change, looking after their mental wellbeing and
being mindful of ther team dynamics curing ths
petiod. We gained a cumulative Net Promoter
Score (NPS)* score of §5 from the 2024 webinar
deliveries.

* NPSis a menic used wo gauge customer experience Bia

"Company creators of NPS suggest that a score above
Soirexcelen|

Launched in January 2024, the Better Life
Journey-For-All, available in 14 languages,
provides all Reckitt employees with a holistic
wellbeing assessment with the offer of
‘one-to-one support from a coach-on-demand,
Over 860 employees created wellbeing
assessment profiles, and results were used to
curate upcoming content for employees.

All employees were able to access 11 sessions
with a trained Hintsa coach. Participation was
broadly similar to 2023 and we chose to pivot
ur provision in Q4 to address employee
needs during transformation, by offering more
targeted wellbeing consultations. 100% of
respondents who provided feedback said they
experienced lifestyle changes as a result of
their coaching programme and 90% reported a
5/8 score on personal benefit.

We launched a three-part Mental Health
Curriculum - Better Mind, Better Life, curated
specifically for Reckitt, n collaboration with
doctors, executive performance coaches, clinical
psychologists and our coaching partner - Hints
Performance. The curriculum focuses on
‘prevention and managing day-to-day and
‘workplace stresses. The curriculum is available in
four languages. We aim to improve our FTSE
Corporate Mental Health Index score from 58%
(Tier 3) to Tier Tin the next 18-24 months. In
‘addition, we tripled our trained Mental Heaith
First Aider Cohort

‘Our Caregivers programme, refreshed in
August 2024, shifted focus from ‘surviving’ to
‘thriving’ and utilising caregivers’ unique skills
for career and personal development. Over
4,000 colleagues attended these sessions, a
60% increase YOY.

Reckitt is a 2024 Grocery Aid Silver award
winner. Grocery Aid is a UK charity where
FMCG companies and retailers unite to raise
money, increase awareness, and support
colleagues in need. Each year, awards are
given to companies based on three criteria:
‘Awareness, Fundraising, and Volunteering. In
2024, Reckitt UK achieved the following:

+ Awareness: Our HR team actively raised
‘awareness across our sites, helping Grocery
Aid support Reckitt employees in need.

+ Fundraising: We supported events for major
‘grocery retailers and specific Grocery Aid
‘events, donating over £80k as a UK business

+ Volunteering: Reckitt representatives
Participated in the Grocery Aid D&l board,
and Tarsila Calvo, our Head of UK Customer
Supply, gave an inspiring tak atthe Grocery
Aid Live event

Leadership Development and Learning
In 2024, we conducted a study with EY to
identify key challenges and strengths of 215
participating senior leaders. This was
complemented by an aggregate analysis of
internal 360 and psychometric results,
engagement survey data, and a review of
external research. The outcome was a report
with six critical skils and recommendations,
leading to an overhaul of our leadership
programs in 2025/2026,

We invested in leadership skils through

Embark and Elevate, training 352 HR facilitators

with a 98.6% net promoter score. Our Good to
Great programme saw 24 leaders undergo @
‘2-month development. The Accelerate
‘programmes for high potential women
enhanced self-awareness and networks, with
‘senior women receiving internal advocates.

‘Our new learning platform, MyDevelopment,
launched in November 2023, saw over 17,000
‘employees access it in 2024. We launched the
Project & Change Learning Hub and the Al Hub,
and we now have 10 Academies that are
dedicated to deliver the Functional knowledge
and skills required for roles across Reckitt.
Furthermore, Linkedin Library continues to be
‘embedded across our Academies & wider
Reckitt with 31,000 hours of Linkedin Learning
resources consumed in 2024

Talent, Performance, Engagement,
and Recognition

We updated our Talent and Performance
approach to support Reckitt’s evolution,
reflecting industry best practices and internal
feedback. We will introduce multi-rater
feedback for greater collaboration and an
enterprise mindset. Our updated talent ratings
will recognise diverse career paths and
development opportunities. These changes
started in January 2025.

‘AN deals are subject 10 works Counc consutton andor
employee otiieaion n county.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘emage repo wovemanee rane statements Uther nermaton

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 16

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Decision on 2024 bonus outcomes

Reckitt’s performance showed solid progress in 2024 despite weathering unforeseen challenges
like the tornado. Our Group LFL NR growth is inline with guidance overall. We achieved our
ambition of growing adjusted operating profit ahead of net revenue, enabling us to increase
investment in our brands and grow earnings by 8%, supporting a record 2 billion in cash returned
to shareholders through our dividend and continued share buyback programme. Given this
performance and wider assessment as described above and in the Remuneration Chairs letter,
including the adjustment made to the 2024 bonus to reflect the impact the tornado in July had

(on operations, the Committee concluded that the formulaic APP payout based on performance
against targets is justified in this wider context.

Under the Remuneration Policy, one-third of the annual bonus willbe delivered by way of an award
over Reckitt shares and deferred for a three-year period,

Deferred

ace salary Target ‘Total bonus Cash into shares

© x _boms : om © ©

Kris Licht 1300,000 120% 3049200 __ 2,032,800 _1,016,400
‘Shannon

Eisenhardt 760,000 100% 23% 1,755,600 __170,400_585,200

Jeff Carr 790,000 700% 23% 438900 292,600 _ 146,300

1 The 2024 base salary for Jet Cats pro-rated forthe period served as Executive Director

Vesting of the 2022 LTIP

The Reckitt LTIP is designed to align participants with shareholders through making awards with
stretching performance conditions denominated in both performance share options and
performance share awards. Kris Lich’s award was made under his previous role and Jeff Car's
‘awards were granted under the previous Remuneration Policy on 20 May 2022. Shannon Eisenhardt
{did not participate in the 2022 LTIP as she was not an employee of the Company at the time of
‘grant, however, as disclosed last year, she was granted a replacement award for performance
shares lapsing due to leaving her previous employer, of which a portion was made subject to the
2022 Reckitt LTIP performance conditions to align her with Reckitt’s performance.

2022 performance targets
Vesting of awards under the 2022 LTIP was dependent on the performance conditions set out in
the table to the right.

Assessment of performance versus targets

The chart below illustrates performance compared to the targets. As set out below, performance
against performance measures over the three-year performance period results in an overall 68%
vesting of the 2022 LTIP award. As stated earlier, the Committee has adjusted the 2022 LTIP

for the impact of the Mount Vernon tornado in July to ensure that underlying performance was
‘measured in a fair and consistent manner. In order to reflect underlying performance, ROCE is
calculated on an adjusted basis for incentive plan purposes. Adjustments include: i) calculation on
{a constant currency basis; i) exclusion of impairment impact so that management do not benefit
from impairments; ii) adjustment for unbudgeted investment over the period to reflect strategic
priorities; and iv) adjustment for actual M&A investment over the period. These adjustments

‘ate made to reflect underlying performance and to align with plan assumptions to ensure
performance is measured on a like-for-like basis. These adjustments have been made for al

tie participants
Haximam Vesting of
rtormancemessure (20% vesting) Achiew oor. vesting) total swars)
Ft net revenue growth : :
yee nee) Actual 43% pa ane
(€0% weighting) So%pa
ROCCE (final year) ‘Actual 15.3%
: : 100%
(25% weighting) som
Relative TSR :
‘ Upper 0%
(25% weighting) Quartile
Fak from more : susie
sustainable products : Actua 369
(ina year) 100%
(S% weighting) 30% 33%
%%reduction in GHG : y
emissions (final year) H ain 100%
(S% weighting) 65% 6%
Total vesting oa%

Achieved

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
‘veatepe reper’ eovernance. nnsneia statements wine’ termaton

Reckitt Anal Repor and Accounts 2028 117

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

(Overall Group performance taken into consideration

As it does every year, the Committee thoroughly evaluated the performance of both the Group
and the Executive Directors in the round to assess whether the level of vesting under the LTIP is
both appropriate and justified. The framework that the Committee applies is set out on page T10.
The Committee took into account the progress on delivery of the strategy and wider people,
culture and sustainability in 2024 as disclosed on pages TI2-1I5 of this report and over the
performance period of the 2022 LTIP, as disclosed in previous Annual Reports, as well as the wider
stakeholder experience over this period.

Decision on 2022 LTIP vesting outcome

The Committee is satisfied that this outcome is aligned with the shareholder experience and the
wider assessment of performance over the last three years and concluded that the overall vesting
levels justified and appropriate in this wider context.

Vesting of the LTIP for the Executive Directors over the last five years is shown below:

2017-209 __2018-2020 zowe-2021 2020-2022 2021-2023 222-2028

0% 0% 215% 700%. 78% 68%

Based on the performance assessment above, the 2022 LTIP award to Kris Licht and Jeff Carr will
vest as detailed below. Kris’ LIP award was granted in relation to his previous role which did not sit
Con the Board. However, the full value of the award has been included for transparency. Shannon did
‘not participate in the 2022 LTIP award, however, as disclosed in the 2023 Directors’ Remuneration
Report, she was granted replacement awards to compensate for remuneration arrangements
forfeited on leaving her previous employer. The buyout award is subject to the same performance
conditions and targets as the Reckitt 2022 LTIP award and will be released in August 2025.

Interests Exercise Vesting _ Interests. share price
id’ rice (e) "vesting we

Kris Licht

Performance shares 43,533 nya 68% = «29602 £4781 £1,415,272

Performance share options __80,000_£63.32__—68% _—S4,400_— £4781 0

‘Shannon Eisenhardt

Performance shares

(buy-out) 5479 na 68% = 3725 a7 Bl £178,092

Jeff Carr veties smaren24)

Performance shares 32,650 na 68% «22.202 +~«—« E4781 £1,061.478

Performance share options _60,000__£63.32__68% _—-40800__—£47.81, 0

1 ictus cvdend equivalents accrue over the performance petod, which are subject to performance conditions
2 -Asthe share price onthe date of vesting is unknown atthe ume of reporting the values estimated sing the average market
‘ase over G4 204 of £4781, The actual valve ot westing wil be closed the 2025 Anal Repost

There isa further two-year holding period attached to the 2022 LTIP award for Kris and Jeff, which
means that vested performance shares or options will not be released until 1 January 2027, and the

resultant shares from the exercise of any vested performance share options will not be released
until? January 2027,

Docusign Envelope 0: FS4ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642967C9C84
\yrsape repo wovemance  rnanea statements Utne ormavon Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 202 118

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

‘Single total figure of remuneration for Executive Directors (audited)
The table below sets out a single figure for the total remuneration received by each Executive Director for the year ended 31 December 2024, based on the information set out in the previous sections.
This is compared to the prior year figure:

Current Executive Directors Former Executive Director
Tes Licht ‘Shannon Eisenhardt Jeff Care

2024 2023(pare) 2024 2023 (pare-year) 2024(part-year) 202s

€ € € € €

Base salary 11,100,000 575,000 760,000 158,333, 190,000 + 760,000
Taxable benefits! 132,620 57583 239,87 192,775 4,264 16,884
Pension benefit! ‘10,000 57500 76,000 15,833 18,999 76,000
‘Annual bonus? 3,049,200 1845900 1,755,600 463917 438,900 2,226,800
ue 1,415,272 anass - - 1,061,478 1394,328
Buyout awards? - - 178,092 34906 : -
Fixed remuneration 1,342,620 690,053 1,075,157 366.942 213,263 852,884
Variable remuneration 4,464,472 2717385, 933,692 813,023 1,500,378 3621328
Total 5,807,092 3,407,408 3,008,849 79965, 1713,641 4,474,012

1 Kis et cl nt ceceive a salary increase in 2024. He received an anual salary of £1109000 in 2028 For 2023, his salary was pro-rated forthe prio served as an Executive Oxectox Kis ies sary in 2023 in espectof his employment as Present Health and
{Che Customer Office a ole which ais nat sit onthe Board, sot ncluded it the calelation

2. Shannon Esentardt dd ot receive a salay increase n 2024 She received an anna sary of £760.000 in 2024, For 2023, he salary was pro-rated for the pavod since jing the Company on17 October 2023 (when she joined Reckit and the Soars)
Jel Carr stepped down as CFO and tom the Gourd on 31 March 2026 salary, 2024 annual Bonus and 2022 TIP were ro-ated forthe period unt date of leaving

Benefits for Ke Licht in 2024 primarily consist of heute of ca healthcare and ax support. Fr Shannon Exerhaet, the benefits ice one-ofrelocain costs including temporary accommodation, the se of aca home leave Fights, ealthcae and tax

‘Support For ltt Car the benefits incge car Mlowance and haakiheae. What relevant the cots above ined a rors fo ax

5 The Compay ait xan Dect aan atowace inspect of penton povon ote vake own the ae oe. Thee parent relet he (peso proviso ound tbe Poy Table, vectors eon ele to pension on deioes
ontibution or esh slowance) Bass with na Getines bene eel

{6 Annual bonus reflects nancial performance forthe 2024 bonus; the Committe’ assessment of performance of both the Company and the Executive Decors inthe round and the Committee's determination ofthe level of anrul bons payout at 45% of he
‘manu level inne with he formal outcome fe sporopnote 3s set ou On pages i One-thd ofths Geter int sare aware for thee years ano wl vest noject fo continued employment

7 Reflect the estimated value of LIP pertoemance share options and perlormance shares ante 10 Kris Licht and Jef Carin May 202, nceding dvidend equivalents, which ae ue o vest n May 2025 at 6% of maximum. Valued using an average share pice
‘ver Ga 2024 of £4781 See the relevant section on page it? fox mare deta None ol ths value sa tiutate to Share pice growth ove the vexing period Kis Lches LIP award was gfanted in eatin io hs previous ole which cd nat stn the Boa,
‘Rowever, the fl valve o the award has been ince fr Langone. Shannon Eisenhart id aot potelpaten the 2022 1B award as she xd lon the Group und October 2023,

{8 The value ofthe 2021 TIP vesting lor kris it an Jet! Cat has been restated om st yer, which uted an average shave pice o £5556 ove’ Q4 2023 to estimate the vase o he vesting. The actual vale shown above i based onthe actual share price onthe
ate of vesting of £4449 on 2 May 2024 Aste shave pce atthe cate of vesting wa ower than te share rics a the Gate ofthe avara. ne of the values atroutabe to share price growth

{9 Ae part of Shannon Ezemhacsecrumeat package, she receives buyout ards in respect of award oeted on leasing het former employ. The value shown nthe table or 2023 relates o both an awaig of resticte shares (£28121) and the FY24 NKE
‘Samual bonus award (£67985) The esticted share awards vest im equal ranches. The Wet anche vested in December 2023 has een valued based on the closing share pie of £53.82 a the date of vesting nd the Second Wanche vesting in December 2024
‘ar been salued based on the cosng share pice of £4723 tthe date of vesting The poymant respect ofthe FY2¢NKE anal bonus Mas been ested bated on the acl! Bonus Otum ot MIKE pr"ote for the period 1 ne Wo 1g October 2023 forthe
Dovton of NE: performance yea elapte intl Shannon joined Recht vesting st 85% 0! target Shannon was ako grant perloemance sare awards a part of Met Dayout = an ans o 526 perlormanee share were granted rlaton to the ong -itm.
[ncentve award over MIKE shares grams to Shannon August 202 and vesting bated on NIE: performance over the tetyer petos 0 1 Moy 200494 to be closed in NRC's 2028 Prony statement. This aa Rs lapsed nfl. AA ddsonal award of 5,248
performance thoes were grantesin elton tote long-term incentive award over NE shares i August 2022 hese ut nthe 2023 Dvectors Remuneration Report, ths aware wilbe BUD to the sme pecormance conctions 9nd targets the Recht 2022
Fipaward and includes vidend equivalents. This wares ave to vest in August 2025 at 48% of manumum: The vive Oh cares Deen estimated sing on average sare price over Qe 2024 of E878)


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Weawegerepot overnance rnancia statements

Reckit Annual Report and Accounts 2024 119

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Shareholding of Executive Directors compared to requirements
Te bar chart below ilustrates the Executive Directors’ shareholding compared to the Company's,
shareholding requirements. Executives have @ period of eight years from appointment to achieve
the requirements of 200,000 shares for the CEO and 100,000 for the CFO. Both Executive Directors
are showing expected progress towards meeting these requirements as reflected below.

Shareholding
requirement
Current

sharenotding

eis Licht
anim

Shareholding
requicement
Current

shareholding

ae
‘senharat £0.71"

a SO SL SO
8 20000 «0.000 49.900 80000 100.000 120.000 140000 120000 140,000 200,000,
Shares deferted from annual bonus 2024

Shares helo? 2025 vesting*

1 Current sharehoicing vale based on the average closing share pic in 42024 of £4781

2 Includes shares owned outright nd shares subject 19 post vesting alding restitions

3 This te extmated number of shares awarded, after ox under the Defered Bons Pan, acing those tobe sefertes Hom
(he 2025 APP

“4 Forks Lien his isthe numberof shares vesting in May 225 under the 2022 LP ater tax. For Shannon Eisenhart this is the
rome of shares vesting n august 2035 granted bs buyout aware fe ax Bothiacude cvgend equivalents

Directors’ interests in shares and options (audited)
Executive Directors are expected to acquire significant numbers of shares over eight years and
retain these until retirement from the Board, with a portion required to be retained post-
‘employment as described below.

These shareholding requirements (200,000 shares for the current CEO and 100,000 shares

for the current CFO) are amongst the most demanding in the UK market and are equivalent to
869% and c.629% of salary for the CEO and CFO, respectively, based on a share price of £47.81
These requirements are also nearly double the current annual LTIP award using a Black-Scholes
valuation of 15% for the performance share options.

We also have post-employment shareholding requirements for a further two years. The post-
‘employment shareholding requirement is enforced through a restriction on Executive Directors’
vested shares, held by our external share plan administrator, which requires Company permission
before these shares can be sold. This restriction excludes shares purchased by the Executive
Directors.

The two-year post-employment shareholding requirement is 50% of the shareholding requirement
cr actual shareholding on leaving if lower. This represents more than c.435% of salary for the CEO
and c.318% for the CFO; its also broadly inline with the current annual LTIP award, using a
Black-Scholes valuation of 15% for the performance share options.

The table below shows the current shareholding of each Executive Director against their
respective shareholding requirements as of 31 December 2024:

‘Shares awarded Performance shates ‘Options hel
Total beneficial ‘under the
interests Deferred Shares subjectto Unvested, subject Unvested, subject
Shares) (numberof shares)” BorusPlan’ time vesting only’ Tovestin2025* _ toperformance! Tovestin2025 _toperformance
Kris Licht 200,000 40822 29.462 70,000 75,689 755,000 54,400 310,000
Shannon Eisenhardt 100,000 3071 9846 0 1974 74701 0 0 138,905

1 Tota beneficial terests includes shares owned ought an shares subject to post-vesting hong estitions

2 "Shares awarded uncer the Deferred Bons lo’ shows the estimated number of shares awarded unde the Delered Bons lan, af

‘ax incusing an estimate of those tobe deferred rom the 2024 annual bonus

1 For kris ieht inclu the aware unde the Shae Ownership Poly (SOP) granted before is appointment othe Gootd based on continued employment and the achievement of shareholing requerents
{4 This ean estate ofthe number of shares vesting to rs Let n May 2025 under the 2022 LIP and an estimate number to Shannon Ezenhaat vesting in August 2028 grand under buyout dwar, af detailed on page 1, ater x

'5. For Shannon Esenhactthisincles the performance shares granted under buyout awards

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
Wenge reper overnance raancatstatemens une’ intermaton Reckit Anns! Repor and Accounts 2024 120

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

2024 LTIP awards granted in 2024 (audited)
The table below sets out the LTIP awards and other awards made to Kris Licht and Shannon Eisenhardt during 2024. Vesting of these awards in full quires achievement of stretching performance
conditions over the three-year period. Dividend equivalents accrue on performance shares during the performance period, but will only pay out on vested performance shares. Inline with the Directors’
Remuneration Policy, for Executive Directors there is a further two-year holding period for the 2024 LTIP commencing after the end of the three-year performance period.

Market price at Face valueless
Shatesoverwhich “date of award Exercize _Facevalue exercise price

er rice (6)* eP © Exorcise/vesting period Holding period
Performance shares,
keris Licht 6 March 2024 75,000 5014 n/a 3,760,500 n/a 1 Jan 2024 - 31Dec 2026 Mar 20271 Jan 2029
Shannon Eisenhardt 6 March 2024 40,000 5014 n/a 2,005,600 n/a 1 Jan 2024-31 Dec 2026 Mar 2027 1 Jan 2029
Performance share options
keris Licht 6 March 2024 150,000 5014 so90 782,000 0 1Jan2024-31Dec 2026 Mar 2027-Mar 20341 Jan 2029
Shannon Eisenhardt 6 March 2024 80,000 5014 so90____40n,200 O1Jan 2024~31Dec 2026 Mar 2027~Mar2034__1 Jan 2029

1 The market price at date of award isthe closing shave pic onthe eat of rant

2. The exercie rice fe based onthe average closing share pice ovr the five business Say prot othe dat of rant

3 For pectormance shaves, te face vale ised onthe share price atthe date of award anc azsumes the stretching performance citer are met o achieve ful vesting. For pevloxmance-Dated share options the face va inthe table above is caleuste asthe
horde of share options mulipied bythe marke price at date of mara However the actual value fo partpant athe tie of exeriz vl be te ference between maret pice at a me and te exces pice othe number a share options vesting.
sie assests a etmane gait he etchg pavomarce eta ak rasbu noted a the fae vat shown above woud etree else the etching perlomancecnons we mein andi stwe pea thee
‘Sfenetcise double the exrese pice

Unchanged from previous years, the Reckitt 2024 LTIP awards vest based on performance conditions of 40% on NR, 25% on ROCE, 25% on relative TSR and 10% on Sustainability measures. The targets for
2024 awards were set out in the 2023 Directors’ Remuneration Report.

NR continues to be measured as LFL growth over three years. ROCE is measured based on the final year of the performance period and is 2 measure of how efficient the Group is at converting its
Capital into earnings. For LTIP purposes ROCE is measured on a constant currency basis. In addition, LTIP targets include impairments prior to the start of the performance period, whereas in the
Calculation elsewhere in the Annual Report total assets have been adjusted to add back impairments of Goodwill except where the impaired asset has been disposed or partially disposed. If there are
‘any impairments during the performance period, the Committee will ensure that this does not lead to an increase in the vesting by adjusting the capital employed accordingly and to ensure a LFL
Comparison to the targets. Relative TSR is measured against a peer group comprising 21 relevant peer companies, with the addition of Kenvue (which was listed as an independent business in 2023). The
targets associated with the 2024 LTIP awards were disclosed in the 2023 Annual Repoct on Remuneration,

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Sumege reper wovernancerfanciatstatements.—‘Uxner ermavion Reckitt Anal Report and Accounts 2024 121

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Wider workforce pay arrangements

Reckitt continues to cascade its reward policy fairly and consistently throughout the organisation
and the Remuneration Committee considers the arrangements for the wider workforce when
setting Executive Directors’ remuneration

Information reviewed by the Remuneration Committee includes salary structures, bonus design
and targets, the LTIP, share ownership, our global mobility policies, provision of benefits and

Reckitt’ all-employee share plans. The Committee is pleased to note from this review that the
‘Company's remuneration policies continue to be aligned with those of the Executive Directors,
with a cascade throughout the organisation. .

In 2024, Reckitt began strategically reshaping our business to sharpen our portfolio and simplify
‘our structure for accelerated growth, ensuring Reckitt's position as a leader in consumer health
{and hygiene. Amidst this, and in ine with our UK listing requirements to review the Remuneration
Policy (see page 103), the Committee took the opportunity to refresh our reward philosophy and
subsequent principles, factoring in what we heard from our wider workforce. The Committee
remains committed to aligning our remuneration policies with strategic objectives and ensuring
‘our compensation structures support long-term performance and value creation.

We have expanded our LTIP offering to a wider group and rebalancing the mix of short-term and
long-term pay for this group, recognising the critical role these employees play in our long-term
performance, fostering a culture of ownership, and encouraging a greater focus on the enterprise.
Together, these changes underscore our comrnitment to rewarding the right behaviours and crving
long-term growth and success. Our remuneration package remains highly competitive, helping us
attract and retain top talent while fostering a culture of ownership and long-term commitment.

For more details on our initiatives, please refer to the People and culture section on pages 114-Ns,
[At Reckitt, we are proud of our people and their achievements, as well as our reward policies and
practices that reflect our values and culture. We continve to focus on maintaining an open,
transparent culture by promoting continuing dialogue across the Company. During 2024, the
Designated Non-Executive Director for Engagement with Company's Workforce? activity has
allowed them to feed back the views of the workforce to the Remuneration Committee as well as
the wider Board. Each year the Company holds several engagement sessions with employees and
‘organises site visits during which townhall meetings and smaller group discussions with our people
take place. Details of this engagement can be found in the Section 172 Statement, which can be
found on page 78.

The table on page 122 summarises the remuneration structure for the wider workforce.

1 Mary Hrs ui May 2024, after whieh Ene Stock tok over this le

‘AN detds are subject to works couned consultation andlor employee nication in coun


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
enoge reper bovemance rnancal Statements Uther mormavon

Reckit AnnualReport and Accounts 2026 122

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Salary Annual bonus (APP) Long-termincentive Pension Allemployee shares share ownership Benefits
Salary increases are (Our APPis consistently Reckitt grants LTIP. ‘A pensionjgratuity We offer global share Reckitt is proud of our We provide regularly reviewed,
based on individual implemented across the awards to the GEC, scheme is offered to plan for all employees ownership culture. market-competitive and inclusive
performance ratings, organisation with 16,000 Group Leadership more than 80% of our to buy Reckitt shares Ow GEC and Group benefits for all our employees.
talent assessments, and participating employees. team and Senior global employees. ‘at a discount over three Core benefits include

local market practices
{and conditions
eg. inflation

For 2025, the salary
increase budget for

the wider UK workforce
was 4%

The average total pay
across the Group in 2024
was £57,282.

The media CEO pay
ratio is 1104 (page 124).

Reckitt is accredited
by the Fair Wage
Network and all our
employees are paid at
least the living wage

in their location.

This certifies our
commitment to
employees that they
will eceive a wage that
not only exceeds the
‘minimum wage but also
recognises the actual
Cost of living in the UK.

Target bonuses and
maximum moltipiers
increase with progression
and promotion.

Bonus payouts, aligned
with Executive Directors,
are tied to Reckitt's
financial performance.

All employees are
incentivised based on
net revenue and a profit
measure, varying by role.
All oles include a third
measure, such as NWC,

From 2025, for the
majority of our
employees, bonuses will
be further differentiated
bbased on individual
performance.

Adgitional bonus plans
for specific areas lke
sales and factories are
in operation.

Management team,

The 2025 awards use
the same measures
‘and performance
period as for the
Executive Directors,

‘Awards are a fixed
‘number of options

and shares, based

‘on employee level,
performance and
potential. In addition,
participants below the
GEC receive restricted
share awards. Managers
can recommend
‘additional awards

to key employees,

In 2024, we granted
‘awards under our Middle
Manager High Potential
‘Awards to selected
‘employees below senior
management levels,
recognising their
long-term performance
‘and value creation

For 2025, factoring
feedback from the wider
workforce, we have
discontinued this,
program and instead
‘expanded our LTIP to
include all employees in
this population, who are
now eligible to receive
SU awards, subject to
local restrictions.

‘Countries where pension
provision is not prevalent
in the local market and/or
is provided by the state
remain an exception

to the above.

In the UK, al Reckitt
‘employees are eligible
to receive a Company
pension contribution
Of at least 10% of
pensionable salary,
inrespective of

any personal
contribution made

years. This is offered
to over 95% of our
‘employees globally
where local legislations
permit, and is supported
by anetwork of 120
focal champions

and communicated

in 24 languages.

At the end of 2024,
around 13,000 Reckitt
‘employees were
participating in one of
‘our three share plans,
with just under a total

of £76 million of
employee savings in

our all-employee share
plans, or about £5,500
on average per
Participating employee.
We allow and encourage
a 12-month savings
sabbatical for employees
(on maternity leave,

Leadership team
have shareholding + Life insurance for all employees
requirements with eight at least 2x base salary

years within appointment

to reach target. These
‘are very demanding

our envioyees sing the
by the Remuneration Pandemic and beyond
the total shareholding Chigren also covered in some
fequiremens is aroun markets. Video GP access in
eS mitorrand

tn th
the average shareholding “Ne UKand the US
requirement among this International Transfer Policy
group, excluding the for global mobilty and career

Georive 426%ot salary development Employees tnsfer
ees voting onloea terms basis. Additional

‘Aagregate actual holding Senet fr some moves,

for the GECis E18 millon, s.ch as itermatinai healthcare,

of 273% of salary. Bension, schoo fees, tax support

Tet! shreboking lott parental eave poy. At
requirement for al least 26 weeks paid maternity

emloyees with. eae and four weeks pad
dat bablaaleehed paternity leave

million’, equivalent
to an average of 297%
of salary,

As at 31 December 2024,
actual holding

is £46 million’ and the
actual average holding
is 236% of salary.

We regularly check
share ownership to
review progress,

1 Based on me average closing share price in Qa 2024 of £4781 and inches actual shareholding as at 1 December 2024, sciual
Deferred Bonus Plan shares awarded (estimated net of ax) and an estate ol those oe Geert fom the 2024 val bonis

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘eawege reper" overnance rnancir statements

Reckitt Anal Repor and Accounts 2028

Oey

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Salary ‘Annual bonus (APP)
Comparison with Executive Director remuneration

Salary increases take into For Executive Directors,
account the approach for bonuses are directly

Long-termincentive

Executive Directors’
LIIP grants comprise

the wider workforce
Salaries are also set
competitively against
peers in support of the
recruitment and retention
of Executive Directors.
The CEO received a 4%
increase in ine with the
wider UK population.

The CFO received 2 9%
increase: 4% in ine with
the wider workforce and
an additional S%
reflective of additional IT
4& Digital responsibilities.

related to Reckitt's
financial performance:
NR, adjusted profit
before income tax
targets, as well as,
NWC which acts as

a downward modifier
only. APP operates on
a muttiplcative basis,
in the same way as for
the wider workforce

‘One-third of annual
bonus payments for
Executive Directors are
subject to a three-year
deferral into awards over
Reckitt shares.

We have malus and
clawback and other
safeguards in place to
‘manage any potential risk
that may arise from the
use of the APP,

performance share
‘options and performance
share awards (based on
a fixed number), which
for the 2025 awards

will vest subject

to the achievement

of LFL NR, ROCE,

relative TSR and
Sustainability
performance targets.

In addition to the LTIP's
three-year performance
period, Executive
Directors are subject
to an additional two-
year holding

period commencing

at the end of the
performance period.

Pension

Allemployee shares

Share ownership

Under the Policy, our
Executive Directors
are eligible to receive
2 Company pension
contribution of 10% of
salary in line with the
wider workforce in
the UK

They are eligible to take
this as a cash alternative.

Executive Directors are
eligible to participate
in the all-employee
Sharesave Scheme on
the same basis as all
‘employees.

The Executive Directors
have shareholding
requirements of 200,000
shares for the CEO and
100,000 for the

CFO, one of the highest
requirements in the

UK market. These are
equivalent to 869%

and 629% of salary’,
respectively.

Executive Directors are
additionally subject to

a post-employment

shareholding requirement

which is enforced
through restrictions put

in place by our share plan

administrator,

The table on page 19
sets out the progress of
the Executive Directors
towards their
shareholding
requirements.

Executive Directors receive benefits
which consist primarily of the
provision of a Company car
allowance, risk insurances and
healthcare.

In addition, Executive Directors are
eligible for the benefits available to
the wider workforce in their local
market.

1 Based on the average closing sce pice in Qe 2024 of £4781

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E.9BAC-E64236709C84

\yrstope pot overance nnsneis statements Uvner mtormacan

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 124

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Gender pay gap

The Board reviews the Company's gender pay gap and publishes an annual gender pay report that
‘can be found on our website under the Fairer Society heading of Our Impact section. To increase
transparency on this issue Reckitt voluntaily discloses the gender pay gap for our 10 largest
markets by workforce size, including the UK, which together make up around 65% of our global
permanent workforce.

{As disclosed in Our People Report, Reckitt has set targets to increase the number of women

in senior leadership positions and has @ number of initiatives to increase ths representation.

‘A summary of the gender pay statistics is also included below:

‘The gender pay gapin the UK as at Api 2026is

Median -9.1%

Mean 0.6%

Mean

Further data and information on the initiatives Reckitt is taking on diversity and inclusion are set
‘out in our 2024 Sustainability Report.

CEO pay ratio

The table below provides pay ratios of the CEO's total remuneration to the remuneration of UK

‘employees at the lower quartile, median and upper quartile. This is inline with UK reporting
requirements.

25thpercentile

ceo Your method pay
2024 Option A 1138 v04
2023 © Option A 1136 199
2022 Option A 182 161
2021 Option A w70 mei
2020. Option A 1244 wT
2019___Option A 158 ans

The calculations reflect the application of Reckitt’s reward policy across the organisation as set out
in the section on wider workforce pay arrangements,

In particular, the Remuneration Committee believes the pay ratio is consistent with the Group's
wider policies on employee pay, reward and progression. Reckitt ensures that employees are paid
fairly for their role, based on the location they work in and their performance in role. As such, the
base salary, annual bonus and benefits are based on the same principles for the identified
‘employees as they are for the CEO.

In calculating the ratio we have used Option A, in ine with shareholder guidelines. The employees,
used in the calculations were selected on 25 February 2025 following the end of the financial year.

For identifying the three employees at the lower quartile, median and upper quartile, the following
methodology has been used: '

+ AILUK employees’ total remuneration as at 31 Decemiber 2024 has been considered, excluding
leavers and employees who were absent for more than 20 days during the financial year, as,
these would distort the ratio

+ Full-time equivalent salary, variable pay, allowances and benefits (using the part-time values and
Converting these to full-time equivalent values) have been calculated. In order to calculate the
value of taxable benefits we have taken the PTID value, due to ease of accessing data. Actual
pension contributions have been used, and, where appropriate, converted to full-time
equivalents.

The table below summarises the identified employees in 2024

25thpercentilo

1y 75th percent

© © ©.
Total employee pay and benefits 42,086 55,921 97,354
Salary component 35079 37,885 80,630

In addition, Note S to the Financial Statements sets out the total employment costs and average
number of employees globally, during 2024, Based on these, the average global pay during
2024 was £57,282 and consequently the pay ratio between the CEO and average global
employee was 1101

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-E64236709C84

\yrstage repo wovemance. nena statements Umer formavon

ecitt Anal Report and Accounts 2024 125

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Implementation of Directors’ Remuneration Policy in 2025
Salary .

[As set out ealir in the report, the CEO will receive an increase aligned to wider UK workforce
{at 4% For the CFO, the salary increase will be 2 9% increase (inclusive of the workforce aligned
increase of 4%) to reflect the increased scope and responsibiites of her expanded role, which
‘now includes responsibilty for IT & Digital. Ths is no longer a separate GEC role and instead the
function reports to the CFO. As part of this, the CFO will now play a critical role in delivering the
Group's strategy by bulding a data-driven, digitally enabled Business, and has responsibility for
2 significantly larger number of people. The CEO's salary for 2025 is £144,000 and the CFO's

1s £828,000. There was no increase to base salary for either Executive in 2024

Pension
The CEO and CFO are eligible to receive a pension contribution, or equivalent cash allowance,
of 10% of salary, which isin ine with the Company's level of contribution for all UK employees.

2025 Annual bonus

There are no changes to the bonus opportunity for the CEO and CFO, remaining at 120% and 100%
of salary at target, respectively. Bonuses for 2025 will remain based on Reckit’s NR and adjusted
profit before income tax targets, measured in GBP at a constant exchange rate, with the outcome
‘under each of the measures combined muitiplcatively to give @ maximum bonus outcome of 3.57x
the target bonus opportunity if both targets are met.

As with the 2024 bonus, the NWC metric will act as a downward mosifie, applying on a
‘multiplicative basis to the combined outcome of the NR and adjusted profit before income tax
targets, with @ maximum multiplier of ix. One-third of ary bonus earned wil be deferred into
Reckitt shares for three years.

For the 2025 APP the Committee's assessment of performance in the round wil aso inclide
Consideration of performance in relation to the execution and delivery ofthe refreshed strategy
The Committee will use it judgement to assess performance against the strategy (including
the shareholder and wider stakeholder experience in the year) and may make a downwards

Cr upwards adjustment to reflect this. This additional assessment and potential adjustment will
also apply to the rest ofthe senior management team covering ¢.450 employees. in ine with
the approach every year, the Committee wil also consider broader performance in the round

We have not disclosed the performance target ranges for 2025 as we consider them to be

commercially sensitive. However, we commit to retrospectively disclosing the performance
‘anges in the Directors’ Remuneration Report for the year ending 31 December 2025,

2025 LTIP awards

‘Award levels
Within the limits of the existing Policy, there willbe a modest increase inthe LTIP award levels for 2025,
The award levels forthe CEO wil be set at 87500 performance shares and 175,000 performance share
‘options (previously 75,000 and 160,000 respectively), with the CFO's award set at 42500 performance
shares and 85,000 performance share options (previously 40,000 and 80,000 respectively). This takes
into account the context of our refreshed strategy, the global talent markets in which we operate,

‘and our remuneration principles including our long standing pay positioning philosophy

Performance conditions

The LTIP performance metrics and their associated weightings have been reviewed in the year and the
‘Committee is of the view that the current overall balance of measures remains appropriate and aligned
to our strategy and culture. Whilst our wider Sustainability strategy and our commitment to achieving
net zer0 by 2040 remains unchanged, we are proposing to enhance our commitment to reducing
Scope 3 carbon emissions through a simplification to the Sustainability measure in the LTIP. Therefore,
the metrics and weightings have changed slightly from the 2024 LTIP awards and are as follows:

+ LELNR growth (40% weighting)
+ ROCE (25% weighting)

+ Relative TSR (25% weighting)

+ SRNR from more sustainable products (10% weighting)

‘The Committee went through a robust process when setting these targets, taking into account

2 number of factors and different reference points and the Committee considers that the targets

set are very stretching, Awards granted in 2025 will vest in line with the descriptions below, which
require significant outperformance of targets.

LELNR growth

NRis measured as LFL growth over three years. At the time these targets were set the Committee
t00k into account market consensus and our stated ambition for LFL NR growth is mid-single-digit
in the medium term. In this context, the Remuneration Committee believes that the performance
ranges are appropriately stretching and incentivise management to deliver outperformance. 20%
of this element will vest for achieving 2.5% per annum growth increasing to full vesting for
achieving 5.5% per annum growth

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642967C9C84

‘Weatege repo ‘overnance. raancir statements Une’ norman

Rechte Anal Report and Accounts 2028 126

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

ROCE
ROCCE is measured in the final year of the performance period and is a measure of how efficient
the Group is at converting its capital into earnings. For LTIP purposes, ROE is measured on 3
constant currency basis. In addition, LTIP targets include impairments prior to the start of the
performance period, whereas in the calculation elsewhere in the Annual Report total assets have
been adjusted to add back impairments of Goodwil except where the impaired asset has been
disposed or partially disposed.

If there are any impairments during the performance period, the Committee will ensure that this
does not lead to an increase in the vesting by adjusting the capital employed accordingly and to
‘ensure a LFL comparison to the targets. 20% of this element will vest for achieving 17.5% increasing
to full vesting for achieving 195%.

Relative TSR
Relative TSR dicectly aligns LTIP participants with the shareholder experience and will only reward
for TSR outperformance against our peers.

As it does every year, the Committee reviewed the constituents of the peer group to ensure that
they remain appropriate to assess performance against and also considers whether any additional
peers should be added. The outcome of this review is that, for 2025 LTIP awards, JDE Peet's, Lindt,
‘and Mondeléz will be removed from the peer group. These companies are not constituents of the
MSC! World Household & Personal Products index and it is considered that their portfolios overlap
less closely with Reckitt’s.

Therefore, the peer group for the 2025 LTIP awards comprises 18 companies with which we
compete for capital and to which shareholders compare us and is also an appropriate group
against which to incentivise LTIP participants to outperform. The peer companies are primarily
drawn from the constituents of the MSCI World House and Personal Products Index. The
Constituents will be reviewed on an annual basis and, in particular, as new comparators come to

Sustainability

Sustainability measures were introduced from the 2022 LTIP to align participants with, and
incentivise delivery of, our 2030 Sustainability Ambitions. As stated earlier in the report, the
Sustainability measure for the 2025 LTIP award will be based on % NR from more sustainable
products, which includes over 60% of our Scope 3 carbon emissions. The Sustainability targets are
based on rigorous methodology, are independently assured and, in the case of our carbon
‘emissions, support our delivery of externally validated SBTs on emissions reduction. Targets are
based on achievement in the final year of the performance period and take into account the pians
that we have to achieve the Sustainability Ambitions.

Percentage of net revenue from more sustainable products has been an annual reporting KPI since
2012 and supports our ambition of 50% of NR being from more sustainable products by 2030. This,
is measured using our Sustainable Innovation Calculator. The calculator evaluates the sustainability
inipact of every new product versus existing products and established benchmarks. it helps
measure carbon, water, plastics, ingredients and packaging footprints in new products for our
global brands, targeting their reduction to enable more sustainable products in the future. It
includes Scope 3 product emissions (including the carbon and water impact from consumer use),
which is the most impactful lifecycle stage of our products. We achieved 34.9% of NR from more
sustainable products in 2024 and have set the targets for this measure based on the Plan to 2030,
such that 20% of this element will vest for achieving 43% of NR from more sustainable products.
increasing to full vesting for achieving 46% in 2027

‘Summary of 2025 LTIP targets
Performance will be assessed for each measure, at the end of the three-year performance period,
ona sliding scale as set out below:

Threshold Maximum
(20% vesting) (100% vesting)

the market. The TSR peer group for the 2025 LTIP awards set out below: LFLNR growth (3-year CAGR)

- (40% weighting) 25% 55%
Beiersdorf Estée Lauder LOréal ROCE (final year) on a constant foreign exchange basis
Church & Dwight Haleon Nestlé (25% weighting) 175% 195%
Clorox Henkel Procter & Gamble Relative TSR Upper
Colgate Palmolive Kao. Shiseido (25% weighting) Median quartile
Danone Kenvue Unicharrn Sustaina ‘Of NR from more sustainable products (final year)

10% weightin 4 4

Essity Kimberly-Clark Unilever (10% weighting) 3%, se

Under the relative TSR measure, 20% of the award will vest for TSR at the median of the peer
{9F0up, increasing to full vesting for upper quartile performance or above.

Inline with normal market practice and our historic approach, for material acquisitions and
divestments during the performance period the Committee intends to adjust the APP and
LTIP targets, in line with shareholder expectations, to ensure that participants are no better
or worse off.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

‘yeatege pon wovemance. rnanea statements

Reckit Annual Report and Accounts 2028 127

Directors' Remuneration Report continued

Additional Remuneration Disclosures

Percentage change in the remuneration of Directors

We are required to publish the annual percentage change in remuneration (salary or fees, benefits and annual bonus) for each Director compared to the annual average percentage change in
remuneration for the employees (excluding Directors) of the Parent Company. Since the CEO and CFO are the sole employees of Reckitt Benckiser Group pi, this statutory disclosure is not possible.
In the table below we are therefore voluntarily disclosing the percentage change in remuneration for all UK employees in order to provide a representative comparison. The Company considers UK.
‘employees to be an appropriate comparator group as the Executive Directors’ remuneration atrangements are similar in structure to the majority of these employees and it reflects the economic
‘environment where the Executive Directors are employed. The analysis is based on a consistent set of employees for each comparison, ie. the same individuals or roles appear in the 2023/24
‘comparison, and similarly for previous year comparisons.

2023/24 2o22pe3 2ozver 2020721 2019/20
Salary nefits Sonus Salarylfee _Senefits Bonus Benefits Bonus Salaryfee Benefits Bonus Salaryifee Benefits Bonus
AllUK employees! 56% 89% -233% 65% 16%? 61% Am 2H 156% 59% 62K? -B9% 45% 15K? 505.4%
Sir Jeremy Darroch
(Chair of the Board)’ 234.4% - - 362% - - - - - - - - - - -
Olivier Bohuont 746.0% - - 232% - - 26% - - - - - - - -
Andrew Bonfield? 229% - - 07% - - 62% - - 28% - - aM - -
Jeff Carr (former CFO)* -750% 74.7% 80.3%  S4% 04% 135% 3.0% + «0.4% 12.8% 415% © 37.3% 29.3% - - -
Fiona Dawson? - - - - - - - - - - - . - - -
‘Shannon Eisenhardt (CFO) 380.0% 24% © 278.4% - - - - - - - - - - - -
Mary Harris* 3.3% - - 16% - - 38% - - 20% - -  aa% - -
Marybeth Hays? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Tamara Ingram 6.2% - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Mehmood Khant 4.8% - - 3.4% - - 26% - 2% - -  4I% ~ -
Pam Kirby! ~64.3% - - 26% - - 20% - - 20% - - 13% - -
Kris Licht (CEO) NIM% 130.4% 65.2% - - - - - - - - - - - -
Chris Sinclaire 65% - - 83% - - 100% - - 36% - - 10% - -
Alan Stewart® -64% - - 12% - - - - - - - - - - -
Etane Stock* 175% - - 34% - - 26% - - 2% - - 4% - -
Margherita Della Valle 6.6% : ~ 34% - = 26% : = 105.4% : - - = -

1 The percentages for AlUX employees reflect the average percentage change nfl: tne equivalent salary, arable bereits and allowances, and bonus for coleagues based in the UK between 202021, 2021/2, 2022/23 and 2023/2. only includes colleagues

‘employed in both yeasn the comaarson

Fons Oawion ined the Bod on 1 une 2026

‘Mary Hort, Meteod khan and lane Stock ha changes othe commiteeftes ding 2028
‘Marybeth Hay joined the Boar on 1 February 2024 and hog a change 1 her commitlee fle cuting 2026

The percentage change in tyable benefits for af UK employees excludes international vansfer benefits sth svat from yea o year based on 8a individ ccumstances
Se remy Darroch became Cha ofthe Board folowing the AGH in May 2024

Fram May 2024, Parn Koy, Chis Selita Ala Stat eed fom the Board and Olver Baton sno lenger a member, folowing his death
‘Andrew Bonfield became Senior Independent Directo folowing the AGM in May 2024

Jel Cau stepped down a CFO ana fom the Boar on 31 Haren 2028

Docusign Envelope IO: FS4ECSD1-7C48 4066: SBAC-£642367C9C84

AechittArewal Repor and Accounts 2024 | 128

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Relative importance of spend on pay
The table below shows shareholder distributions (Le. dividends and sare buybacks) and total
‘employee pay expenditure for 2023 and 2024, along with the percentage change in both.

2028 2023 ‘echange

(em), (Em) 2023/24
Total shareholder distribution’ 2,709 1546 75.2%
Total employee expenditure? 2,486 2509 48%

£EL38t millon an hare buybacks of £1328 miton

2 Deals of employee expenditie ae set ou in ote othe Financ Statements

Payments to past Directors (audited)

No other benefits or payments were delivered to former Directors in the year in excess of the minimum,

1 Details of shareholder istition ate set out in Notes 24 and 28 to the Financia Statements and are mace up of dividends of

‘threshold of a pre-tax value of £15,000 set by the Remuneration Committee for this purpose.

Performance graph
The graph below shows the TSR of the Company and the UK FTSE 100 Index over the period since
1 January 2015. This shows the growth in the value of a hypothetical holding of £100 invested

(on 31 December 2014. The FTSE 100 Index was selected on the basis that it contains companies
of a comparable size, in the absence of an appropriate industry peer group in the UK.

TSR since 1 January 2015,
£ value of £100 invested at 1 January 2015

200
10

160

140

20

100

80

- 0
2

@

20582016

Reckitt

200

FISE 100

2018

209

2020

2021

2022

183

2023 2028 2025

‘Source: SEG Datatream

The table below sets out the single figure of total remuneration for the role of CEO over the last
VO years

Annual inp
(£000) bonus asa vesting (asa
CEO single figure of Nieandro Laxman Rakesh percentage _percentag

remuneration ristient___Durante Narasimhan ‘of maximum) _of maximum)
2018 700% 80%
2016 0% 50%
207 0% 50%
2018 34% 65%
2019 4599" 938 rome om
2020 8434" 100% om
2021 5967 o% 18%
2022 ans 78 00% 100%!
2023 340% 5,260 82% 78%8
2024 5807 65% 68%
1 tnelases buyouts in respect of egy arangements fom previous employer

2 Tero for Rakesn Kap00e

3 Laxman Noam was ol with he Group a he tine these awards were granted

{Lauran Narain wat aot eligible for 92022 AP flowing he resignation 98 CEO

5 ican Durante was 3 NED at the time these awards were ranted and therefore ci nt receive an award and Laxman

Narasimtais award load flowing is esignaion as CEO
Inclucses te LTP which was granted in reltion to Kr Let's previous ole which od nots on the Baad
andro Durante was not with the Group tthe tine these awards were granted

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Yeategerepon Gowernance rnancatstatemens uener ermavon Reckitt Annual Repor and Accounts 2024 129

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Single total figure of 2024 remuneration for NEDs and implementation for 2025 (audited) _The table below sets out a single figure for the total remuneration received by each NED for the
The following NED fee policy will apply from 1 January 2025. The table also sets out the fees that _year ended 31 December 2024 and the prior year:
were in place for the year ended 31 December 2024

2024 fees 2023 fees
2024 feos Cash ——‘Shares Tow! Cash Shares Tow!

© © © © © ©

camnte countee Sir Jeremy Darroch’ 385,833 122,500 $08,333 126500 25500 152,000

© ‘Andrew Bonfield? 140,833 27500 168,333 11150025500 137,000

Base fees Fiona Dawson® 59.792 13,750 73,542 - - -
Chair of the Board 532,500 177,500 510,000 170,000 Mary Harris ‘119,167 27,500 16,500 25,500 142,000
Non-Executive Director 86,250 82500 27,500 ‘Marybeth Hays** 103,016 25,208 - - -
‘Additional fees Tamara Ingram 102,500 27,500 130,000 88,458 23,375 10,833
Chair of Committee 40,000 = 35,000 = Mehmood Khané 2,500 27,500 140,000 94,500 25,500 122,000
Member of Committee 22,500 = 20000 = Blane Stock* 115,833 27,500 143,333 96,500 25,500_—122,000
Designated Non-Executive Director for Margherita Della Valle 102,500 27,500 130,000 96,500 25,500 122,000
Engagement with Company's Workforce 22,500 - 20000 - Olivier Bohuont 78,542 ~ 78542 11983325500 145,333
Senior Independent Director 40,000 = 35,000 = Pam Kirbyé 46,830 © -9,167«$5,997 13100 25,500 157,000
Chris Sinclaiee 173,696 $6,667 230,363 495,000 165,000 660,000

The fee for the Chair of the Board has been increased to £710,000, an increase of 4%. The basic
NED fee willncrease to £715,000, which is broadly inline with the wider workforce. The proportion. Alan Stewart 40,018 9.167 _49,85__ 11500 _25500_137,000
delivered in Reckitt shares continues to be 25% of the base fee, being £177,500 for the Chair and
£28,750 for the NEDs. We will continue to review NED fees to ensure they are appropriate and

1 Se Jeremy Darroch became Chai of the Boars folowing the AGM in May 2024 The change in fee is refected

2 sere Sof become Senter nepenr Dre ova he Anny 02 The cane es ete
competitive against the market. 3 ona Drwaonjined he Board on! ne 2024 Fees sown for 2022 we pid om hs ate

In adltion, NEDs are elgible to receive support from the Company to complete aUK taxreturn, + fane Sac hn aboot an an Haben sna change fhe commie sing he ye: hich
if required. °

5 Haqyben ays ine tne Boats on February 2024 Fees shown a0 psi rom ti ate
{6 Chis Since Parry, lan Stewact anc Olver Bohuon were members of he Bad ntl May 2024

Travel and expenses for NEDs are incurred in the normal course of business, for example, in relation
to attendance at Board and Committee meetings. The costs associated with these are all met by
the Company.

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

\emoge epo% woverance. nanea! statements Umer ormaven

Rechte Anrual Report and Accounts 2024 130

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued .

‘Summary of shareholder voting at the 2024 AGM
The following table shows the results of the voting on the 2023 Directors’ Remuneration Report at
the 2024 AGM and 2022 Directors’ Remuneration Policy at the 2023 AGM:

For Votes Against Votes
Votes % against Total withheld

‘Approve the 2023 Directors’

Remuneration Report 505,228,167 94% 29722171 6% $34,950,338 8,796,621

Approve the Directors’

Remuneration Policy 493.637.9710 92% 45,472,574 8% _S39N0S44 3.364148

For 2025, as stated earlier in the report, we will be submitting our Directors’ Remuneration Policy
for approval at the AGM on 8 May 2025, inline with the normal three-year lifecycle. As part of the
Policy renewal, the Remuneration Committee has engaged with shareholders and shareholder
advisory bodies over the past year and have had engagement with approximately 40% of Reckitt’s
‘ownership'as well as the key proxy advisors. The vast majority of shareholders that we engaged
with were supportive of the proposals and noted that there is no significant change.

Directors’ service contracts

'NEDs have letters of engagement which set out their duties and time commitment expected. They
are appointed for an initial three-year term, subject to election and annual re-election by
shareholders. Appointments are renewable for subsequent three-year terms by mutual consent,
Details are set out below:

Length of service a of

‘December 2024
Date of appointment Years Months
Sir Jeremy Darroch 1 November 2022 2 2
Andrew Bonfield 1 July 2018 6 ‘6
Mary Harris YO February 2015 ° 1
Tamara Ingram 1 February 2023 1 1
Mehmood Khan 1 July 2018 6
Elane Stock 1 September 2018 6
Margherita Della Valle 1 July 2020 4
Marybeth Hays ‘February 2024 0 1
Fiona Dawson ‘June 2024 0 2

‘The CEO and CFO service contracts contain a 12-month notice period. Directors’ service contracts
and letters of engagement are available for inspection at the Company's registered office.

Advisors

Deloitte LLP (Deloitte) was appointed by the Remuneration Committee as independent advisor
effective from 1 January 2014 following a review of the advisor in late 2013. The Committee
undertakes due diligence periodically to ensure that Deloitte remains independent of the
‘Company and that the advice provided is impartial and objective. Deloitte is a founding member
Of and signatory to the Code of Conduct for Remuneration Consultants, details of which can be
found at www.remunerationconsultantsgroup.com. During 2024, Deloitte LLP also provided the
Group with advice and compliance support in a number of areas, including corporate, indirect and
‘employment taxes, global mobility, and advisory and technology consulting,

These services were provided under separate engagement terms and the Committee is satisfied
that the provision of these services did not impair Deloitte's ability to advise the Committee
independently, Deloitte's total fees for the provision of remuneration services were £412,150 on the
basis of time and materials. It should be noted that although we are only required to disclose the
value of fees for services which materially assisted the Remuneration Committee, as with previous
years, we have disclosed the full value of remuneration services from Deloitte, which includes
advice to management and to the Remuneration Committee.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

eage efon | covemance © rnancorstoements Uirariarmaton Reckitt Arol Report and Accounts 2024131
Directors' Remuneration Report continued
Directors’ interests in shares and options under the LTIP' and buyout awards (audited)
“once
Dividend - stasteot
Granted equivalents Exercised a rice at exercise]
‘uringthe _acctuedfrom vested during Lapsedduring 31December_Optionpricedateof award vesting Exercise/vestin
Grant date ” rantdate! "the year theyeor 2008 © ©. ©. perio
iris Licht
Performance-based share options 005.2020 50,000 - - - - 50,000 652 - = May 2023-May 2030
28.05.2021 $0,000 - - - nooo 39,000 64.67 - May 2024-May 2031
20052022 80.000 - - - = 80,000 63.32 - = May 2025-May 2032
21032023 80,000 - - - - 80,000 58.28 - Mar 2026-Mar 2033
06.03.2024 - 180,000 - - - 150,000 509 - = Mar 2027-Mar 2034
Performance-based share awards 28.05.2021 25,000 - - 19500 5500 - - 6368 44.69, May-2024
205.2022 40,000 - 3533 - - 43533 - 62.42 - May-2025
- 21032023 40,000 - 3,088, - - 43,088 - $918 - Mar-2026
06.03.2024 = 75,000 3,306 - = 78,306 - sora : Mar-2027
Shannon Eisenhardt
Performance-based share options 2630.2023 $8,905 - - - = $8905 58.87 - = Mar 2026-Oct 2033
06.03.2024 = 80000 - - = 80,000 509 - = Mar 2027-Mar 2034
Performance-based share awards 2610.2023 29.453 - 1298 - = 30751 - 5594 - Mar-2026
06.03.2024 = 49000 1763 - - 4768 - 5014 - Mar-2027
Buyout awards 260.2023 2782 - vee 2,904 - - - $594 4723, Dec-2024
Buyout awards 2610.2023 3526 - 92 - 3.4618 - - 5594 - Aug-2024
Buyout awards 2630.2023 5,248 = 231 - = 5.479 : $594 - ‘Aug-2025

1 esting of LP awards is subject to parformance condiions set by th Remuneration Commitee and the awaic ae subject to an addtional two-year holingpevod commencing a he enc a he performance period

2 ween equivalents accrue on performance shares dung the vesting pavod fram the 2022 LIP awards Onward and vet subject to the same perormance conn

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
‘Wearege reper overnance masncut statements uate? ermaton Reckit AnnualReport and Accounts 2028 132

Directors' Remuneration Report continued

Directors’ interests in shares in the Deferred Bonus Plan’ (audited)
1 anvary 2024

Verted during
the year Marketprice Market
‘atdate

Award Grantes Lapsed during Option price ofaward of vesting
atgrant date theyes © © © Vesting period

iris Licht

Deferred Bonus Plan 25.03.21 8,059 - 8778 - - - 64.22 4352 Mar 2024

Deferred Bonus Plan 2103.22 5997 - - - 5997 - 5792 - Mar 2025

Deferred Bonus Plan 2103.23 10081 - - - r000 - 58.28 - Mar 2026

Deferred Bonus Plan 2103.24 - 18,295 - - 18,295 - 43.00 - Mar 2027

Shannon Eisenhardt

Deferred Bonus Plan 2103.24 - 3399 - - 3,399 - 43,00 - Mar.2027

1 One-thied ofthe annual bonus is daliveredia te form of contional shave awards which are defeed for tee years
2 Divigend equnaletsaccrve on delevied bonus shares ding he vesting ped and willbe esiose on vesting

Executive employees may also participate in the all-employee Sharesave Scheme on the same basis as all other employees. The table below details options held,

‘January 2024
a a Market price
‘January Granted during Exercised Lapsedduring 31December_Optionprice at exercise
Sharesave Scheme Grant da 2028 the year during the year the year 2028 ‘©. © Exercise period
keris Licht 26.03.2024 - 780 - - 780 40.49) = May 2029-Oct 2029
‘Shannon Eisenhardt 26.03.2024 - 780, : : 780 40.49 = _ May 2029-Oct 2029

There have been no changes to the Directors’ interests as set out in the above tables between 31 December 2024 and $ March 2025.

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘espe epoxwowemance. rane statements wine ntermaton

Reckitt Aral Repor and Accounts 2028

ay

Directors’ Remuneration Report continued

Directors’ interests in the share capital of the Company (audited)
The Directors in office at the end of the year and those in office at 5 March 2025 had the following
beneficial interests in the ordinary shares of the Company:

SMarch 310ecember 31Decem:

2025, 2024 2023
Sir Jeremy Darroch 663 1,663 234
‘Andrew Bonfield waar 1427 ae
Fiona Dawson! 298 298 -
‘Shannon Eisenhardt? 3on 3,071 wn
Mary Harris 3597 3,597 3,262
Marybeth Hays? 290 290 -
Tamara Ingram 565 565, 2s
Metimood Khan 1418 1418 1083
Kris Licht 40822 40,822. 25,995
Elane Stock an ant 2992
Margherita Della Valle 1058 1,058 738
Olivier Bohuon* - aaa a9
Jeff Carrt - 8106951069
Pam Kirby? - 5,462 5,462
(Chris Sinctai - 32214322
Alan Stewart® - 427 427

Fiona Dawson joined the Boar on 1 June 2024
Shannon Eseanact joined the Board on 1? October 2023 and became CFO in March 202 olowing Jeff Carrs etzement
‘Marybeth Hay jones the Board on 1 Febcuary 2028

From ay 2024, folowing is death Otvies Bchuen tno longe member ofthe Board ana hs eerest in sores shown up tots te
Jel Caer stepped down fm the Board on 31 March 2026 and Nis interest in share is own up t0 Us cate

‘Pam kt stepped down from te Board on 2 ay 2024 archer intrest in hares i shown Up th dal

‘Cvs Sica stepped down fom the Board on 2 May 2024 ands intrest in shares is shown up to this date
8 isn Stewart stepped down rom the Board on 2 May 2024 ands interest in shaves shown upto this date

No person who wat a Decor (ra Diectors connected person) on 31 December 2024 and at 5 March 2025 had any notable
‘hare intretsin any sober

The Companys Register of Decors Interests (which i open to inspection) contains fll details of Directors shareholdings and
options to subseiba fr shares

‘As approved and signed on behalf of the Board of Directors.

Mary Harris oy
Chair of the Remuneration Committee

Reckitt Benckiser Group ple ae
‘5 March 2025 i

This Decors Remuneration Report has been prepared in accordance with the provisions of the Comparies Act 2006 and
‘Schedule 8 ofthe Large and Medirn-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Repors) Regulations 2008s mended),
The report meets the requremants of the FCA sting Auto’ Using Rules athe Disclosure Guidance and Transparency
ute in ths report we Secrve how the principles of goad goverdance reiting Yo rectors remuneration 22 set oun the
Ux Corporate Governance Code uy 2018 (he Code) oe appied im pracice. The Remuneration Commitee confirms tha
‘roughout the Roan yen the Company has complied with nese governance rls and best practice prowsons.

uaepe repo wovemance

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Anal Repor and Accounts 2024 134

REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Introduction

We present below our Directors’ Report for the
year ended 31 December 2024. Certain matters
‘equired to be included in this Directors’ Report
are included in the Strategic Report on pages
1-57, including an indication of the likely future
developments of the business, research and
development activities of the Group and
details of important events affecting the
Company. The Corporate Governance Report
can be found on pages $8-138 and is deemed
to be incorporated into this Directors’ Report
by reference.

Further disclosure requirements which are
deemed to form part of the management
report can be found on the following pages of
this Annual Report and are incorporated into
this Directors’ Report by reference

‘Acquisitions and disposals 196.
‘Awards under employee share 194-195
schemes and long-term incentive

schemes

Corporate Governance Report 58-138
‘Statement of Directors! 138
Responsibilities, including disclosure

of information to the Auditor

Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas_—38; 46-51
(GHG) emissions

Employment policy and 89

employee involvement

Engagement with employees, 74-77

suppliers, customers and others

Environmental, social and 38; 45-51

governance (ESG) matters

Financial Instruments and 179-185

Financial Risk Management

Future developments in the 1ST

business

Post Balance Sheet events 196 and
204

Research and development 10-15)

activities

Shareholder information 228-231

Sustainability and corporate 38; 45-51

responsibilty

Viability Statement 57

Charitable donations 48-50

Subsidiary undertakings (including 205-217

‘overseas branches)

Information on the Board's stakeholder
‘engagement and activities can be found on
pages 74-77 and further information is also set
‘out in the Section 172 Statement, which can be
found on page 78,

‘There is no additional information requiring
disclosure under Listing Rule 98.4R.

Results and dividends
The Consolidated income Statement can be
found on page 185. The profit for the year
attributable to equity shareholders of the
‘Company amounted to £1,426 million,

The Directors resolved to pay an interim
dividend of 80.4 pence per ordinary share
(2023: 76.6 pence), which was paid to
shareholders on 13 September 2024,

The Directors recommend a final dividend
for the year of 121.7 pence per share (2023:
1159 pence) which, together with the interim
dividend, makes a total dividend for the year
‘of 202:1 pence per share (2023: 192'5 pence).
During the year no shareholders waived their
fight to receive dividend payments. The final
dividend, if approved by the shareholders at
the forthcoming Annual General Meeting (AGM)
of the Company, will be paid on 29 May 2025

to shareholders on the register at the close

of business on 71 April 2025.

Directors

Details of the Company's Directors who served.
‘during the financial year ended 31 December
2024 and details of Directors appointed during
2025 can be found on pages 60 to 62.

The rules governing the appointment and
retirement of Directors are set out in the
Company's Articles of Association (the Articles)
and all appointments are made in accordance
with the Code. Under the terms of reference of
the Nomination Committee, al Director

appointments must be recommended by the
Nomination Committee for approval by the
Board of Directors. All Directors must submit
themselves for re-election each year at the
AGM. With the exception of Mary Haris, all
Directors will offer themselves for election or
re-election at the 2025 AGM in compliance
with the Code. Details of the Directors
standing for election or re-election can be
found in the 2025 Notice of AGM.

Information on the service agreements
of Executive Directors can be found in the
Directors’ Remuneration Report on pages
96-133. The letters of appointment of the
Non-Executive Directors are available for
inspection at the Company's registered office.

Powers of Directors

The Board of Directors is responsible for the
management of the business of the Company
and may exercise all powers of the Company
subject to the provisions of the Company's
Articles and the Companies Act 2006 (CA
2006), The Articles contain specific provisions
and restrictions regarding the Company's
Power to borrow money. Powers relating to the
alteration of share capital are also included in
the Articles and shareholders are asked to
renew such authorities each year at the AGM.

A.copy of the Articles is available on the
Company's website at www.reckitt.com/
investors/corporate-governance or can be
‘obtained upon written request from the
Company Secretary or the UK Registrar of
Companies, Companies House.

Directors’ insurance and indemnities
The Company indemnifies the Directors and
Officers of the Company and any Group
subsidiary to the extent permitted by section
236 of CA 2006 in respect of the legal defence
costs for claims against them and third-party

‘Yeategetepon | avernance. nasncia statements

Doousign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

Reckitt Annual Repor and Accounts 2024 135

Report of the Directors continued

liabilities. The indemnity would not provide
cover for a Director or Officer if that individual
was found to have acted fraudulently

or dishonestly.

The Directors’ and Officers’ ability insurance
cover was maintained throughout the year
ended 31 December 2024 at the

‘Company's expense,

Directors! interests

A statement of Directors’ interests in the share
capital of the Company is shown on page 133
Of the Directors’ Remuneration Report. Details
of Executive Directors’ options to subscribe for
shares in the Company are included on pages
131-132 in the audited part of the Directors’
Remuneration Report.

During the year, no Director had a material
interestin any derivative or financial instrument
relating to the Company's shares. Details of the
Directors’ remuneration are disclosed in the
Directors’ Remuneration Report on pages
128-133, No Director has 2 material interest

in any ‘contract of significance’ (as defined

by the FCA) to which the Company, or any

Of its subsidiary undertakings, is a party as.

at 31 December 2024.

Share capital

As at 31 December 2024, the Company's issued
share capital consisted of 736,535,179 ordinary
shares of 10 pence each of which 686,622,825
cartied voting rights and 49,912,354 ordinary
shares were held in treasury. Each share carries
the right to one vote at general meetings of
the Company. Details of changes to the
ordinary shares issued and of options and
awards granted during the year are set out in
Note 24 to the Financial Statements.

The rights and obligations attached to the
ordinary shares are contained in the Company's
Articles. There are no restrictions on the voting
rights attached to the Company's ordinary
shares or the transfer of securities in the
Company except in the case of transfers,

of securities:

+ That certain restrictions may from time to
time be imposed by laws and regulations
{for example, insider trading laws)

+ Pursuant to the Listing Rules of the United
Kingdom Listing Authority whereby certain
employees of the Company require the
approval of the Company to deal in the
Company's ordinary shares

No person holds securities in the Company

which carry special voting rights with regard to

control of the Company. The Company is not
aware of any agreements between holders of
securities that may result in restrictions on the
transfer of securities or on voting rights.

Allotment of shares

[At the 2024 AGM, authority was granted to the
Directors under section 551 of CA 2006 to allot
shares or grant rights to subscribe for, or
Convert any security into, shares of the
Company. The authority granted to the
Directors will expire at the conclusion of the
2025 AGM,

‘At the 2025 AGM, a resolution will be proposed
to the shareholders to renew the Directors’
authority to allot equity shares representing
approximately one-third of the Company's
issued share capital as at the latest practicable
date prior to the publication of the Notice

of AGM,

In accordance with the Investment Association
‘Share Capital Management Guidelines,
Directors will once again seek authority to allot
further ordinary shares, in connection with a
pre-emptive offer by way of a rights issue,

Up to a further one-third of the Company's
existing issued share capital on the same date.
The authorities sought would, if granted, expire
at the earlier of six months after the Company's
‘next accounting reference date, of at the
conclusion of the AGM of the Company held

in 2026, whichever is the sooner.

Under section 561 of CA 2006, shareholders
have a right of first refusal in relation to certain
issues of new shares. A special resolution will
also be proposed to renew the Directors!
power to allot shares in the capital of the
Company without complying with the pre-
‘emption rights in the CA 2006 in certain
circumstances up to a maximum of 10% of the
‘Company's issued share capital

This disapplication authority sought is inline
with institutional shareholder guidance and,
in particular, with the Pre-Emption Group
‘Statement of Principles issued in

November 2023,

This authority will maintain the Company's
flexibility in relation to future share issues,
including issues required to finance business
‘opportunities, should appropriate
circumstances arise,

Authority to purchase own shares
‘Authority was granted to the Directors atthe
2024 AGM forthe purposes of section 701 of CA
2006 to repurchase shares in the market and this
authority emains valid until the conclusion of
the forthcoming AGM,

On 24 July 2024, the Company announced,
Consistent with its capital allocation framework,
a E1bilion share buyback programme to

be carried out over 12 months (the 2024
Programme). On 26 July 2024, the Company
announced the commencement ofthe fist
‘tranche of the 2024 Programme to return up to
£250 milion to shareholders, which completed
‘on 1 October 2024. On 24 September 2024,

the Company announced the second tranche
of the 2024 Programme to return up to

£250 millon to shareholders, which completed
‘on 10 December 2024. On 9 December 2024,
the Company announced the commencement
(of the third and final tranche of the 2024
Programme to return up to £500 milion

to shareholders, which commenced on

12 December 2024 and will end on or

before 30 June 2025.

During the financial year ended 31 December
2024, the Company purchased in aggregate
28,488,957 ordinary shares of 10 pence each
‘and subsequently transferred them to treasury.
‘The total cost of the shares purchased during
the financial year ended 31 December 2024
was £1,328 million. further 3,010,976 shares
have been repurchased between 1 January
2028 and 3 March 2025 at a cost of £154 milion.

As atthe last practicable date 52,435,986
coxdinary shares held in teasury (representing
766% ofthe issued ordinary shares) for

the purposes of satisfying the Company's
obligations under employee equity

incentive schemes

Shares held in treasury are not eligible to
participate in dividends and do not carry any
voting rights.

At the 2025 AGM, the Directors will seek to
renew the authority granted to them under
section 701 of CA 2006 to repurchase shares in
‘the market. Such authority, if approved, will be
limited to a maximum of 68,400,000 ordinary
shares, representing less than 10% of the
Company's issued ordinary share capital
(excluding Treasury shares) calculated as at the
latest practicable date prior to publication of
the Notice of AGM, and sets the minimum and
maximum prices which may be paid.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54E.CSb1-7C48-406-9BAC-E642367C8C84

‘uawepe reper overance,

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 136

Report of the Directors continued

Change of control and
significant agreements

There are a number of agreements that take
effect, alter or terminate upon a change of
Control of the Company following a takeover.
The shareholder agreement between the
Company and JAB Holdings BV. (JAB) at the
time of the merger in 1999 entitled JAB to
nominate Board Directors

Anolding in excess of 20% or 10% of the
Company's ordinary shaves entitles JAB to
nominate two Directors or one Director
respectively. JAB's current holding is below this,
‘amount and there is currently no nominated
rector on the Board. None of these are
deemed to be significant in terms of their
potential impact on the business of the Group
as a whole,

‘There are no significant agreements between
the Company and its Directors or employees
providing for compensation for loss of office or
employment that occurs because of a takeover
bid, except that provisions of the Company's
share plans may cause options and awards
ranted under such plans to vest on a takeover,
‘and ifthe employment of an Executive Director
(other employee is terminated by the
‘Company following a takeover then there may
be an entitlement to appropriate notice andjor
‘compensation as provided in applicable
contracts or terms of employment.

There is no information that the Company is
required to disclose about persons with whom
it has contractual or other arrangements

with, which are essential to the business

of the Company.

Employees

The Group is committed to the principle of
‘equal opportunity in employment: no applicant
‘or employee receives ess favourable treatment
‘on the grounds of nationality age, gender,
religion, race, ethnicity disabilty, sexual
‘orientation or any other protected characteristic.
Employment applications are considered on the
basis of aptitude and abiity, and fair
consideration is given to all applications.

We have issued specific guidance on inclusive
recruitment practices for managers with hiring
responsiblities. Where an employee has an
existing disability or becomes disabled during
their employment, practical efforts are made
to assist the employee in continuing their
employment and arranging appropriate
support such as workplace adjustments,

All employees are treated in a fair and inclusive
manner throughout their careers, whether that
means accessing training, learning and
development opportunities or career
progression. Further details of our Inclusion and
‘Anti-Harassment Policies can be found at
wewwireckitt.comjour-company/policies-
reports and on pages 8 and 9.

Itis essential to the continued improvement in
performance, efficiency and productivity
throughout the Group that each employee
understands the Group's strategies, policies
and procedures. Open and regular
communication with employees at al levels is
an essential part of the performance
management process.

n-the-job learning and continuous
development take place throughout the year,
with all employees having a formal annual
Performance Development Review with their
line manager to discuss business objectives
and create a Personal Development Plan. This is
also an important opportunity for employees to
discuss their ongoing development and career
ambitions. We encourage continuous
development conversations throughout the
year. These annual reviews also provide a way

of identifying candidates for our Future Leader
Development Programmes.

Reckitt’s Leadership Behaviours are critical
enablers of our success. At Reckitt, we Own,
Create, Deliver and Care, These behaviours are
for everyone in the organisation and are part of
‘our annual Performance Development Reviews
We create an inclusive environment for
employees to act with integrity, esponsibility
‘and consistency in line with our Purpose,
‘Compass and ambitions 3s a business as set
out on page &

Employee matters, incentives
and share ownership

Group incentive schemes reinforce financial
and economic factors affecting the
performance of the business. Employees
typically have three to five performance
objectives which are directly linked to their job
and their specific contribution to the overall
performance of the Group. In addition,
presentations, videos and QBA sessions are
held for employees around the world on
publication of the Group's financial results to
provide employees with awareness of the
financial and economic factors affecting the
Company's performance, and so that employee
views are fed back to management and taken
into account when decisions are made.

The Company operates three all-employee
share plans. Through these schemes, the Board
encourages employees to become
shareholders and to participate in the Group’s
employee share ownership plans, should they
wish, Savings-related share plans covering
most of the world give employees the
‘opportunity to acquire shares in the Company
by means of making regular savings.

We currently have around 13,000 colleagues
participating in one of Reckitt’ all-employee
share plans, Further details on our all-employee
share plans and awards made under executive
share plans can be found in Note 25 on pages
1194-195 of the Financial Statements,

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-408E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Yunge repo ovemance,

Redkiet Annual Report and Accounts 2024 137

Report of the Directors continued

Political donations
During the year, the Company and its
‘subsidiaries did not make any political
donations or incur any political expenditure, nor
were any contemplated. In keeping with
previous practice, at the forthcoming AGM
shareholders will be asked to approve, on 2
precautionary basis, for the Company and its
subsidiaries to make political donations and
incur political expenditure for the period
ending 31 December 2025.

Financial instruments and risk
The financial risk management objectives and
polices of the Group are set out in Note 15,
from page 179 of the Financial Statements.
The Note sets out information on the
Company's policy for hedging each major
type of forecasted transactions for which
hedge accounting is used, and our exposure
to.currency, price risk, credit isk, liquidity

risk and cash flow risk in relation to the use
of financial instruments

‘Substantial shareholdings

Amendment to Articles of Association
The Articles of the Company were adopted
in 2012 and amended in 2015 and 2021. Any
amendments to the Articles may be made

in accordance with the provisions of CA 2006,
by special resolution of the shareholders.

Independent Auditor

The External Auditor, KPMG, has indicated

its willingness to continue in office and @
resolution proposing the reappointment of
KPMG, and to authorise the Audit Committee
to determine its remuneration for the financial
year ending 31 December 2025, will be
proposed at the forthcoming AGM.

As at 31 December 2024, the Company had received the following notices of substantial interests
(3% or more) in the total voting rights of the Company:

Holder Notification __Interest Rights
Massachusetts Financial Services Company 16 January 2013" Indirect 5.00%
Morgan Stanley Investment Management Limited 20 October 2022?__ Direct. 499%

1 Under a section 793 CA 2004 request, Massachusets Francia Services Company confimed on February 2025 that
[aggregate holding hac decreased. The ving percentage was nat disclosed

2 Under a section 793 CA 2006 request, Morgan Slanley Investment Management Limited confumed on 5 February 2025.
Imatits aggregoe holding had decreased The voting percentage was nl ucosee

‘As at 5 March 2025, the Company has not received any further notifications under DTR S of the

Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules.

Application of the UK Corporate
Governance Code 2018

We report against the requirements of the
Code issued by the Financial Reporting Council
Details of how the Company has applied the
Code principles and provisions can be found in
the Corporate Governance Report on pages
58-138, The Board has received an update in
felation to the changes to the Code following
the publication of the UK Corporate
Govemance Code 2024 and intends to be
compliant with all the new relevant provisions
within the timeframes indicated. The Board has
Carried out an evaluation of the changes
required in the reporting requirements.

Annual General Meeting (AGM)
The forthcoming AGM of Reckitt Benckiser
Group ple will be held on Thursday 8 May 2025,
at 14:00 at the London Heathrow Marriott Hotel,
Bath Road, Hayes, Middlesex UB3 SAN.

A separate Notice of Meeting, setting out the
resolutions to be proposed to shareholders,

is available at www.eckitt.comjinvestorsy
annval-general-meetings. The Board considers
that each of the resolutions isin the best
interests of the Company and its shareholders
as a whole. The Directors unanimously
recommend that shareholders vote in favour
of all the resolutions, as they intend to do so

in respect of their own beneficial holdings.

By Order of the Board
Catheryn O'Rourke “Signed by:

5 March 2025

103-105 Bath Road
Slough, Berkshire
SU 3UH

Company registration number: 6270876
Legal Entity identifier: $493003JFSMOJG48V108

Yearege reper wovernance rnanca statements

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckit Annual Report and Accounts 2024138

STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES

In respect of the Annual Report and Financial Statements

The Directors are responsible for preparing the
‘Annual Report and the Group and Parent
‘Company Financial Statements in accordance
with applicable law and regulations.

‘Company law requires the Directors to prepare
Group and Parent Company Financial
Statements for each financial year. Under that
law, we are required to prepare the Group
Financial Statements in accordance with
LUk-adopted international accounting standards
‘and applicable law and have elected to
prepare the Parent Company Financial
Statements in accordance with UK accounting
standards and applicable law (UK Generally
‘Accepted Accounting Practice), including FRS
102, the Financial Reporting Standard applicable
in the UK and Republic of Ireland. The Group, in
addition to complying with its legal obligation
to apply Uk-adopted international accounting
standards, has also applied IFRS Accounting
Standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

Under company law the Directors must not

approve the Financial Statements unless they

‘are satisfied that they give a true and fair view

Of the state of affairs of the Group and Parent

‘Company and of the Group's profit or loss for

‘that period. In preparing each of the Group and

Parent Company Financial Statements, the

Directors are required to:

+ Select suitable accounting policies and then
apply them consistently

+ Make judgements and estimates that are
reasonable, relevant and reliable

+ For the Group Financial Statements, state
whether they have been prepared in
accordance with UK-adopted international

accounting standards and, due to a
requirement of the US SEC, state they have
been prepared in accordance with IFRS

‘Accounting Standards a issued by the ASB

+ For the Parent Company Financial
Statements, state whether applicable UK
accounting standards have been followed,
subject to any material departures disclosed
and explained in the Parent Company
Financial Statements

+ Assess the Group and Parent Company's
ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related
to going concern

+ Use the going concern basis of accounting
unless they either intend to liquidate the
Group or the Parent Company or to cease
operations or have no realistic alternative
but to do so

The Directors are responsible for keeping
adequate accounting records that are
sufficient to show and explain the Parent
Company's transactions and disclose with
reasonable accuracy at any time the financial
position of the Parent Company and enable
them to ensure that its Financial Statements
‘comply with the Companies Act 2006. They
are responsible for such internal contvols as
they determine are necessary to enable the
preparation of Financial Statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error, and have general
responsibilty for taking such steps as are
reasonably open to them to safeguard the
assets of the Group and to prevent and
detect fraud and other irregularities.

Under applicable lew and regulations, the
Directors are also responsible for preparing a
Strategic Report, Directors’ Report, Directors!
Remuneration Report and Corporate
Governance Statement that complies with that
faw and those regulations.

‘The Directors are responsible for the
maintenance and integrity of the corporate and
financial information included on the
Company's website. Legislation in the UK
‘governing the preparation and dissemination of
Financial Statements may differ from legislation
in other jurisdictions. In accordance with
Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule
(OTR) 4116, the Financial Statements will form
part of the Annual Financial Report prepared
under DTR 4:1.17R and 4118R. The External
Auditor's Report on these Financial Statements
provides no assurance over whether the annual
financial report has been prepared in
accordance with those requirements

Responsibility statement of the Directors
in respect of the annual financial report
Each of the Directors, whose names and
functions are listed on pages 60-62 of the
‘Annual Report, confirm that, to the best of their
knowledge:

+ The Financial Statements, prepared in
accordance with the applicable set of
accounting standards, give a true and fair
view of the assets, liabilities, financial
Position and profit or loss of the Company
and the undertakings included in the
consolidation taken as a whole

+ The Annual Report and Financial Statements
includes a fair review of the development
and performance of the business and the

Position of the issuer and the undertakings
included in the consolidation taken as
a whole, together with a description of
the principal risks and uncertainties that
they face

‘We consider the Annual Report and Financial

Statements, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced

and understandable and provides the

information necessary for shareholders to
assess the Group and Parent's position and
performance, business model and strategy.

In the case of each Director in office at the

date the Directors’ Report is approved:

+ So far as we are aware, there is no relevant
audit information of which the Group and
Parent's Auditor is unaware

+ We have taken all the steps that we ought
to have taken as a Director in order to
make ourselves aware of any relevant audit,
information and to establish that the Group
and Parent's Auditor is aware of that
information

(On behalf of the Board

Catheryn O'Rourke
Company Secretary

Reckitt Benckiser Group ple
103-105 Bath Road

Slough, Berkshire

SU13UH

5 March 2025,

(Galan we O'Rourke


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Weawege reper overance rman statemens wane’ mormavon

Reckht Annual Rept and Accounts 2024139

Independent Auditor's Report

To the members of Reckitt Benckiser Group plc

1 Our opinion is unmodified

In our opinion

+ The financial statements of Reckitt Benckiser Group ple give a true and fair view of the state
of the Group's and of the Parent Company's affairs as at 31 December 2024, and of the
Group's profit for the year then ended;

+ The Group Financial Statements have been properly prepared in accordance with Uk-
adopted international accounting standards

+ The Parent Company Financial Statements have been properly prepared in accordance with
UK accounting standards, including FRS 102, the financial reporting standard applicable in the
UK and Republic of Ireland; and

+ The Group and Parent Company Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

‘Additional opinion in relation to IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB:

+ AS explained in Note 1to the Group Financial Statements, the Group, in addition to complying with
its legal obligation to apply UK-adopted intemational accounting standards, has also applied IFRS.
‘Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (‘WASB").

+ In our opinion the Group Financial Statements have been properly prepared in accordance
with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB,

What our opinion covers
We have audited the Group and Parent Company Financial Statements of Reckitt Benckiser Group
ple (the Company") forthe year ended 31 December 2024 (FY24) included inthe Annual Report
‘vhich comprise

Group (Reckitt Benckiser Group ple andits subsidiaries)

it Company (Reckitt

nckiser Group ple)

Group Income Statement, Group Statement of
‘Comprehensive Income, Group Balance Sheet,
Group Statement of Changes in Equity, Group
Cash Flow Statement and Notes 10 31 to the
Group Financial Statements, including the
accounting policies in Note. 1.

Parent Company Balance Sheet, Parent Company
‘Statement of Changes in Equity and Notes 10 12
to the Parent Company Financial Statements,
including the accounting policies in Note 1

Basis for opinion

‘We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)")
and applicable law. Our responsibilities are described below. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis for our opinion. Our aucit opinion and
matters included in this report are consistent with those discussed and included in our reporting
to the Audit Committee

We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and we remain independent of the Group in
accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard as applied to listed
public interest entities.

2 Overview of our audit

Factors driving our view of risks

Following our FY23 audit, and considering developments affecting the Group since then, we have
updated our risk assessment

‘The risk of impairment associated with the Biofreeze CGU was assessed to be less quantitatively
significant to the financial statements than in prior periods and is therefore no longer assessed to
bbe a Key Audit Matter

The risk associated with the accounting for the forward purchase of shares held by the non-
controling interest of “RB Manon” has also decreased, due to it being a significant unusual
transaction in FY23.

We have not observed a material change in the level of risk relating to the remaining Key Audit
Matters.

(Our risk assessment also considered compliance with laws and regulations, specifically those that
could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements,

Key Audit Matters vsrves om
Recoverability of IFCN CGU's goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets >. al
Revenue recognition in relation to trade spend arrangements and

associated accruals <> 42
Potential abilities arising from the US litigation concerning

Necrotizing Enterocolitis (NEC) <> 43
Provisions for uncertain tax positions <> 44
Potential abilities arising from the amendment to the South Korean

Humidifier Sanitiser (HS) law «> 45
Recoverability of the Parent Company's investment in

Reckitt Benckiser Limited <> 46

Audit Committee interaction

During the year, the Audit Committee met four times. KPMG are invited to attend all Audit
Committee meetings and are provided with an opportunity to meet with the Audit Committee in
private sessions without the Executive Directors being present. For each Key Audit Matter, we have
set out communications with the Audit Committee in section 4, including matters that required
particular judgement for each.

The matters included in the Audit Committee Chair's report on page 86 are materially consistent
with our observations of those meetings.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECS1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘yearege reper overnance.  nasncis statement okra? termacon

Reckit AnnualReport ard Accounts 2024140

Independent Auditor's Report continued

2 Overview of our audit continued

Our Independence
We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities under, and we remain independent of the Group in
accordance with, Uk ethical requirements including the FRC Ethical Standard as applied to listed
public interest entities.

We have not performed any non-aucit services during FY24 or subsequently which are prohibited
by the FRC Ethical Standard.

We were first appointed as autor by the shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2018. The
period of total uninterrupted engagement is for the seven financial years ended 31 December
2024.

The group engagement partner is required to rotate every five years. As these are the third set of
the Group's financial statements signed by Andrew Bradshaw, he will be required to rotate off
after the audit of the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2026.

The average tenure of component engagement partners reporting is 3 years, with the shortest
being 1 year and the longest being 6 years.

Total audit fee 197m,
‘Audit related fees (including interim review) £0.9m
Other services £3.6m
Non-audit fee as a percentage of total audit and audit related fee 75%
Date first appointed 3 May 2018
Uninterrupted audit tenure 7 years
Next financial period which requires a tender 2028
Tenure of group engagement partner 3 years
Average tenure of component signing partners Byears.

Materiality

{Item 6 below)

‘The scope of our wok is influenced by our view of materiality and our assessed risk of material
misstatement,

We have determined overall materiality for the Group Financial Statements as a whole at £140m
(F¥23: £140m) and for the Parent Company Financial Statements as a whole at £70m (FY23: £70m)
Consistent with FY23, we determined that group normalised profit before tax from continuing
‘operations (PBTCO’) remains the benchmark for the Group. As such, we based our Group
materiality on normalised PBTCO of £3,08im (FY23: £3,130m), of which it represents 4.5%

(FY23: 45%)

Materialty forthe Parent Company Financial Statements was determined with reference to

a benchmark of Parent Company total assets of which it represents 0.45% (FY23: 0.46%).

Materiality levels used in our audit
Group Materiaity wo
uo

Group Performance a
Matefaity 105

Highest Component 8
Materaity 6

Parent Company 70
Mate‘aty 70

Lowest Component °
Materalty 8

AMPT

Fv2aim —FY23Em.

Doawn Ee 0 FEES TOADOEE ONG EMIT CHEM,

Recitt Anal Report and Accounts 2024 14

Independent Auditor's Report continued

2 Overview of our audit continued
Group scope

(item 7 below)

‘We have performed risk assessment procedures to determine which of the Group's components
are likely to include risks of material misstatement to the Group Financial Statements, what audit
procedures to perform at these components and the extent of involvement required from our
‘component auditors around the world.

The Group operates in more than 60 countries across six continents, with the largest market being
the United States of America. We scoped the audit by obtaining an understanding of the Group
and its environment, and assessing the risk of material misstatement in each financial statement
Caption, at both the Group and component level.

Based on this assessment, we performed audit procedures at 52 of the Group's 363 identified
‘components across 25 countries.

The components within the scope of our work accounted for the percentages illustrated below.
{In addition, for the remaining components for which we performed no audit procedures, we
performed analysis at an aggregated group level to re-examine our assessment that there is not 2
Feasonable possibilty of a material misstatement in these components.

We consider the scope of our audit, as communicated to the Audit Committee, to be an
appropriate basis for our audit opinion,

‘Our audit procedures covered
80.7% of Group revenve:

We performed audit procedures in relation to components
that accounted for the following percentages:

Group Group Profit, Group Total
Revenue before tax ‘assets
am 16% 84%

The impact of climate change on our audit
In planning our audit, we have considered the potential impact of risks arising from climate change
‘on the Group's business and its financial statements. The Group has set out its targets as part of
their 2030 Sustainability Ambitions, which include energy, emissions, water, waste and packaging
{elated metrics. Ths includes two targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative ("SBT")
to reduce absolute operational Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 65%, absolute product carbon
footprint emissions by $0% both by 2030 from a 2015 base year. Other targets aim to reduce water
use per tonne of production by 30% by 2025 from a 2015 base year, increase the use of renewable
electicty to 100% by 2030 and for 100% of plastic packaging to be recyclable or reusable by 2025,
Further information is provided inthe Strategic Report on page 38 and in the Sustainability
Performance Review on page 45.

Whilst the Group has set these targets, in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements the
Directors have stated that they have considered the impact of climate change risks and that they
do not believe that there is a material impact on the financial reporting judgements and estimates
{and as a result the valuations of the Group's assets and liabilities have not been significantly
impacted by these risks as at 31 December 2024

‘As a part of our audit we have performed a risk assessment to determine if the potential impacts.
of climate change may materially affect the financial statements and our audit. We did this by
‘making enquiries of management and inspecting internal reports in order to independently assess
the climate-related risks and their potential impact.

‘The most likely potential impact of climate risk and plans on these financial statements would be
Con the forward-looking assessments of non-current assets.

We have considered the sensitivity of the assumptions used in the impairment testing of goodwill
‘and indefinite-lfe intangible assets. Given that the climate change related assumptions are not
considered a major source of estimation uncertainty, the carrying amounts of these assets in the
financial statements are not considered to be materially sensitive to the impact of risks arising
from climate change. We considered the impact of ESG related costs on the value in use of the
Group's CGUs, the impact of such costs on cash flows is minimal and not considered a key
‘assumption when assessing impairment. We have considered the impact of climate change
targets on the fair value of pension assets, However, given the nature of the assets being primarily
bonds and insurance contracts, this has not been considered to be a key assumption in the
valuation. We have.also considered the costs and consumer preferences impact of climate change
{8 part of our consideration of the going concern basis of preparation.

We determined that climate related risks do not have a significant impact on our audit or Key Audit
Matters. We have read the Group's disclosures of climate related information in the Strategic.
Report and the Group's TCFD Summary on pages 218-222 and considered consistency with the
financial statements and our audit knowledge.


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-E64296709C84

‘yratege reper ‘eovernance nana starements teratoma |

AeckittAnml Report and Accounts 2024 142

Independent Auditor's Report continued

3 Going concern, viability and principal risks and uncertainties

The Directors have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not
intend to liquidate the Group or the Parent Company or to cease their operations, and as they have.
concluded that the Group's and the Parent Company's financial position means that this is realistic.
They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could have cast significant
doubt over their abilty to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date of approval
Of the financial statements (“the going concer period")

Going concern

We used our knowledge of the Group, its industry, and the general economic environment to identify
the inherent risks to its business model and analysed how those risks might affect the Group's and
Parent Company's financial resources or ability to continue operations over the going concer petiod.
The risks that we considered most likely to adversely affect the Group's and Parent Company's
availabe financial resources and metrics relevant to debt covenants over this period were:

+ The failure to identify, assess and proactively respond to new or changing regulations could
result in increased regulatory scrutiny, costly product reformation or product recalls, potential
litigation and removal of the license to sella product.

+ Areliance on limited number of suppliers, geographic concentration, or an excessive
dependence on specific routes, sub-suppliers or technologies could render the supply chain
vulnerable to disruption.

+ Geopolitical events, including threats of conflict, trade wars, economic sanctions and political
polarisation, could disrupt operations.

+ Failure to identify or respond to a product quality andjor safety issue may result in potential
‘consumer harm or death, financial settlements, costly recalls and reputational damage

+ Reliance on a few key manufacturing sites to produce products exposes the Group to
unexpected shutdown at one of these sites.

+ Adverse economic conditions, together with high level of volatility and unpredictability in the
macroeconomic environment, could impact consumer demand for the Group's brands,

+ Potential adverse financial outcomes from the ongoing NEC litigation.

We considered whether these risks could plausibly affect the liquidity or covenant compliance in
the going concern period by comparing severe, but plausible downside scenarios that could arise
from these risks individvally and collectively against the level of available financial resources and
‘covenants indicated by the Group's financial forecasts.

We assessed the completeness and accuracy of the going concern disclosure in Note 1to the
Group and Parent Company's Financial Statements gives a complete and accurate description of
the Directors’ assessment of going concern,

‘Accordingly, based on those procedures, we found the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of
‘accounting without any material uncertainty for the Group and Parent Company to be acceptable.
However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may
result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they
were made, the above conclusions are not a guarantee that the Group or the Parent Company will
Continue in operation.

Our conclusions

+ We consider that the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation
of the financial statements is appropriate;

+ We have not identified, and concur with the Directors’ assessment that there is not, a material
uncertainty related to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on
the Group's or Parent Company's ability to continue as a going concemn for the going concern period,

+ We have nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation to the Directors’ statement in
Note 1to the financial statements on the use of the going concern basis of accounting with no
material uncertainties that may cast significant doubt over the Group and Parent Company's use
Of that basis for the going concern period, and we found the going concern disclosure in Note 1
tobe acceptable; and

+ The same statement under the UK Listing Rules is materially consistent with the financial
statements and our audit knowledge.

Disclosures of emerging and principal risks and longer-term viability

‘Our responsibility
We are required to perform procedures to identify whether there is a material inconsistency
between the Directors’ disclosures in respect of emerging and principal risks and the viability
statement, and the financial statements and our audit knowledge.

Based on those procedures, we have nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation to:

+ The Directors’ confirmation within the Risk Management on page 66 that they have carried out a
robust assessment of the emerging and principal risks facing the Group, including those that
would threaten its business model, future performance, solvency and liquidity,

+ The Principal and Emerging Risks disclosures describing these risks and how emerging risks are
identified and explaining how they are being managed and mitigated; and

+ The Directors’ explanation in the Viability Statement of how they have assessed the prospects.
of the Group, over what period they have done so and whiy they considered that period to be
appropriate, and their statement as to whether they have a reasonable expectation that the
Group will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the
period of their assessment, including any related disclosures drawing attention to any necessary
‘qualifications or assumptions

We are also required to review the Viability Statement set out on page 57 under the UK Listing Rules.

(Our work is limited to assessing these matters in the context of only the knowledge acquired

during our financial statements audit. As we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as

subsequent events may result in outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were
reasonable at the time they were made, the absence of anything to report on these statements is

‘not a guarantee as to the Group's and Parent Company's longer-term viability

Our reporting
We have nothing material to add or draw attention to in relation to these disclosures,

We have concluded that these disclosures are materially consistent with the financial statements,
‘and our audit knowledge.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Yeategerepor overnance nasnciar statements

Rechte Anal Report and Accounts 2024143

Independent Auditor's Report continued

4 Key Audit Matters

What we mean

Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance
in the aucit of the financial statements and include the most significant assessed risks of material
misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) identified by us, including those which had the
greatest effect on:

+ the overall audit strategy;
+ ‘the allocation of resources in the audit; and
+ directing the efforts of the engagement team.

We include below the Key Audit Matters in decreasing order of audit significance together with our key
audit procedures to address those matters and our results from those procedures. These matters were
‘addressed, and our results are based on procedures undertaken, for the purpose of our audit of the
financial statements as a whole. We do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

41 Recoverability of the goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets relating to the
IFCN CGU (Group)

Financial Statement Elements

Free ran
‘Goodwil and indefinite ife intangible assets (IFCN CGU) €4,472m ——£5,104m
Impairment charge (FCN CGU) 696m £810m
Our assessment of risk vs F¥23

We have not identified any significant change to the level of risk relating to the

recoverability ofthe goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets relating to the IFCN >

Gu.

Our results,
FY24: acceptable
Y23: acceptable

Description of the Key Audit Matter

‘The risk: forecast-based assessment

The recoverability of goodwill and indefinite lfe intangible assets relating to the Infant and Child
‘Nutrition cash generating unit ("IFCN CGU*)is assessed using value in use which is based on
forecast financial information within @ discounted cash flow model (‘the Mode’.

Key assumptions in the Model include forecast financial performance, in particular net revenue in
North America, the discount rate, gross margin (including the impact of expected capital
expenditure) as well as external factors impacting forecast category growth.

In the current year the Group recognised an impairment charge against goodwill eating to the
IFCN CGU of £696m (FY23: £810m), reflecting significantly increased forecast capital expenditure
equirements combined with higher uncertainty in margin growth assumption and FDA regulatory
pressures in the US,

The effect of these matters is that, as part of our risk assessment, we determined that the
recoverable amount of the IFCN CGU, and consequently the impairment charge, has a high degree
of estimation uncertainty with a potential range of reasonable outcomes greater than our
materiality for the financial statements as a whole, and possibly many times that amount.

We also identified a fraud risk related to the estimation of the recoverable amount of the goodwill
and intangible assets relating to the IFCN CGU in response to possible pressures on the Group to
realise value from significant transactions.

‘Our response to the risk
Sensitivity analysis: We considered the sensitivity of the recoverable amount of the goodwill and
intangible assets relating to the IFCN CGU to reasonably possible changes in assumptions and
focused our attention on those assumptions which we considered the most critical to the
recoverable amount of the IFCN CGU.

Benchmarking assumptions: In response to the risk of fraud, we evaluated the net revenue growth
assumptions in the Model with reference to historic performance and external market data relating
to projected growth for the relevant categories.

We benchmarked margin and other costs assumptions against historical achievement, external
cost inflation growth forecasts and our assessment of the likely impact of expected capital
expenditure, leveraging the experience of KPMG supply chain consultants.

Personnel interviews: We compared judgements made centrally to discussions we held

directly with the relevant members of the Global Business Unit and country management.

We considered and challenged the Group's assumptions and corroborated these views with

the Group's in-market teams. .

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Wearege pot. wovernance.  nagneis statements oxrermtormacon

Reckitt Anal Repor and Accounts 2024 144

Independent Auditor's Report continued

4 Key Audit Matters continued

1 Recoverability of the goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets relating to the
IFCN CGU (Group) continued

Description of the Key Audit Matter continued

Our response to the risk continued

Valuation expertise: Using our own valuation specialists, we challenged the appropriateness of key
‘assumptions underlying the estimation of the recoverable amounts of the goodwill and intangible
assets relating to the IFCN CGU, this included the discount rate used in the Model. We assessed
whether the premium applied to the discount rate was appropriate considering the inherent
forecasting uncertainty, particulary in relation to expected capital expenditure. We also used
implied earnings multiples to benchmark the recoverable amount of the IFCN CGU using implied
earnings multiples to comparable companies and historic transactions within the industry.
‘Assessing transparency: We assessed whether the Group's disclosures in Note 9 of the sensitivity of
‘the outcome of the impairment assessment to changes in key assumptions reflected the risks inherent
in the recoverable amount of goodwill nd indefinite life intangible assets relating to the IFCN CGU,
We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of the Group's controls because
the nature of the balance is such that we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through
the detailed procedures described.

Communications with the Reckitt Benckiser Group's Audit Committee
(Our discussions with and reporting to the Audit Committee included:

+ Qur approach to audit of the impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite life intangible
assets relating to the IFCN CGU, including details of our planned substantive procedures and
the extent of our control reliance.

+ For the recoverable amounts of the IFCN CGU, whether and where the Group's estimate lay
within our reasonable range.
+ The adequacy of the disclosures, particularly as they relate to the sensitivity of the

recoverable amount of the IFCN CGU to key assumptions including net revenue, gross margin,
{and discount rate,

Areas of particular auditor judgement
We identified the following as the areas of particular auditor judgement

+ We identified an area of particular auditor judgement to be the assessment of whether the
Directors’ overall estimate of the recoverable amount of the IFCN CGU, considering key
assumptions including net revenue, gross margin, and discount rate, fell within our acceptable
range.

Our results

We found the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible asset balances relating to
the IFCN CGU and the related impairment charge of £696m to be acceptable (FY23 result: the
Group's conclusion that there was an impairment of the goodwill and intangible assets to the
IFCN CGU of £810m to be acceptable).

Further information in the Annual Report and accounts: See the Audit Committee Report on page
90 for details on how the Audit Committee considered recoverability of goodwill and indefinite life
intangible assets relating to the IFCN CGU as an area of significant attention, page 90 for the
accounting policy on recoverability of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets and Note 9 for
the financial disclosures, :

4.2 Revenue recognition in relation to trade spend arrangements and associated
accruals (Group)

Financial Statement Elements

Fre rea
Trade spend accruals e1074m e125
(Our assessment of risk vs FY23

We have not identified any significant changes to our assessment of the leveloofrisk gg

{lating to trade spend arrangements and related accruals compared to FY23.
Our results

Fy24: acceptable

Fy23. acceptable

Description of the Key Audit Matter

The risk: subjective estimate

The Group regularly enters into complex arrangements providing pricing, placement and other
‘promotional rebates and allowances to its customers. These trade spend arrangements can vary in
complexity by market, product category and customer.

Revenue is measured net of outflows arising from such arrangements which, for agreements.or
practices spanning a period end, requires an estimate of the extent and value of future activity
‘These estimates can be subjective and require the use of assumptions that are susceptible to
management bias and fraud.

The Group operates a variable compensation scheme with outturns directly linked to financial
performance against targets. Strong financial performance could create an incentive to defer
fevenues into the next financial year by overstating trade spend accruals. Weaker financial
performance may also create an incentive to understate trade spend accruals. There is a risk that
inappropriate judgements in multiple markets may, in aggregate, lead to a material misstatement
Of the Group's Financial Statements.

‘The effect of these matters is that, 3s part of our risk assessment, we determined that trade
spend accrvals carry 2 high degree of estimation uncertainty, wth a potential range of reasonable
‘outcomes greater than our materiality for the Group's financial statements as a whole.

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

Reckitt Arusl Report and Accounts 2024 14S

Independent Auditor's Report continued

4 Key Audit Matters continued

4.2 Revenue recognition in relation to trade spend arrangements and associated

accruals (Group) continued

Our response to the risk

(Our procedures performed across 29 components to address the risk included

Accounting policies: We critically assessed the appropriateness of the Group's accounting policies

relating to trade spend against the requirements of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with

Customers,

Historical comparisons: For a selection of the more judgemental accruals, our component tears

assessed the historical accuracy of the accruals by:

+ Comparing those recognised in the prior year to the actual trade spend subsequently incurred;
and

+ Where there were significant differences, considering whether such differences related to a
change in estimate or an error, and evaluating whether any overstatement or understatement
identified was material.

Tests of detail: Testing was focused on those trade spend accruals we considered to be more

judgemental, or potentially subject to management bias or fraud. We performed procedures to a

precision level sufficient to address the risk of material misstatement due to fraud and error. For a

‘sample of these trade spend accruals, our component teams:

+ Reperformed the calculation to assess whether it was mathematically accurate;

+ Identified the key assumptions in the calculation of each accrual selected, such as forecast sales
volumes, rebate structure and settlement mechanism,

+ Agreed those key assumptions to relevant documentation, such as invoices received after the
balance sheet date, customer agreements or third-party consumption data; and

+ Assessed whether the key assumptions were consistent with external data points and the
Group's historic experience of comparable trade spend arrangements

Expectation vs outcome: We performed analytical procedures over the aggregated balance at a

‘group level, and our component tears completed disaggregated analytical procedures over the

individual balances.

Assessing transparency: We assessed the adequacy of the Group's disclosures in Note Tin relation

to the degree of estimation inthe trade spend accruals and the resulting amount of trade spend

deducted from Net Revenue.

We performed the detailed tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of the Group's controls

because our knowledge of the design and implementation ofthese contros and related IT

controls indicated that we would not be able to obtain the required evidence to support reliance

‘on controls

‘Communications with the Reckitt Benckiser Group ple’s Audit Committee

‘Our discussions with and reporting to the Audit Committee included:

+ Our approach to the audit of the trade spend accruals including details of our planned
substantive procedures, use of unpredictable procedures and the extent of our control reliance.

+ Our assessment of findings from our component team’s procedures, including the historical
‘comparisons of FY23 accruals and whether those indicated material errors, and whether the
FY24 accruals in relation to trade spend were acceptable.

Areas of particular auditor judgement
\We performed an assessment of whether the Group's overall estimate, considering the Group's
accounting policies, and the compiex nature of the agreements entered ino, is acceptable. We
also considered whether a net unadjusted overstatement identified through our procedures
directly related to the key auct matter was materia,

Our results.
‘We found the trade spend accruals recognised to be acceptable (FY23 result: acceptable).

Further information in the Annual Report and accounts: See the Audit Committee Report on page
90 for details on how the Audit Committee considered revenue recognition in relation to trade
spend arrangements and associated accruals as an area of significant attention, page 161 for the
accounting policy on revenue recognition in relation to trade spend arrangements and associated
accruals, and Note 1 for the financial disclosures.

4.3 Contingent liabilities arising from the US litigation concerning Necrotizing Enterocolitis,
(NEC) (Group)

Financial statements disclosure in Note 20

(Our assessment of risk vs FY23

We have not identified any significant changes to the level of risk relating to contingent
liabilities arising from the US litigation concerning Necrotizing Enterocolitis compared
toFY23,

<

Our results
Fy24: acceptable

F¥23 acceptable


Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-408E-SBAC-E642367C9C84
Seatege ‘overnance.  rnanest statements vere formation

Rockit AnnualReport and Accounts 202446

Independent Auditor's Report continued

4 Key Audit Matters continued

4.3 Contingent liabilities arising from the US litigation concerning Necrotizing Enterocolitis
(NEC) (Group) continued

Description of the Key Audit Matter -

The risk: dispute outcome
The Group is named in a number of litigations relating to NEC in the United States.

In FY24, there was one court ruling against the Group and another in their favour. Due to the
uncertainty of the remaining cases, significant judgement - that could be subject to potential
management bias - is required to determine whether potential economic outflows are both
probable and can be reliably estimated.

The amounts involved in these litigations are potentially significant, and the application of
accounting standards to determine the amount, if any, to be provided for, is inherently subjective.
Given the uncertainty relating to the likelihood, amount and timing of any possible economic
‘outflow, there is a risk over the classification of any liability as a provision or a contingent lability
and the transparency of disclosures therein

ur response to the risk
Our procedures to address the risk included:

Inquiry of legal counsel: We inquired as to the progress of the litigation and the likely prospects of
successfully defending the cases based on available evidence, including scientific evidence, and
therefore the ability to reliably estimate any economic outflow. We requested and received formal
correspondence directly from the Group's external counsel that evaluated the current status of
legal proceedings.

We corroborated the consistency of the judgement made by the Directors to inquiries with both
internal and external legal counsel.

Assessing transparency: We assessed the adequacy of the Group's disclosures of contingent
liabilities related to the NEC litigations in Note 20, particularly the uncertainties relating to the
‘amount and timing of any resulting outflow.

We performed the test above rather than seeking to rely on any of the Group's controls because
the nature of the balance is such that we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through
the detailed procedures described,

‘Communications with the Reckitt Benckiser Group ple’s Audit Committee

‘Our discussions with and reporting to the Audit Committee included:

+ Our approach to the assessment over the ongoing litigation relating to NEC in the United States;

+ Our conclusions on the appropriateness of the Group’s methodology and accounting policies; and

+ The adequacy of the disclosures, particularly as it relates to the uncertainties in relation to the
‘amount and timing of any resulting outflow.

‘Areas of particular auditor judgement

We identified an area of particular auditor judgement to be consideration of whether the

contingent liablity disclosure is sufficiently transparent in respect of the uncertainties that exist

in relation to the likelthood, amount and timing of any resulting outflows.

Our results

‘We found the Group's assessment that the potential outflows from the NEC litigations are

treated as a contingent lability and the transparency of the related disclosure to be acceptable
(F¥23 result: acceptable)

Further information in the Annual Report and accounts: See the Audit Committee Report on page
90 for details on how the Audit Committee considered contingent liabilities arising from the NEC
litigation in the United States as an area of significant attention, page 187 for the accounting policy
‘on contingent liabilities arising from NEC litigation in the United States, and Note 1 for the financial
disclosures.
4.4 Provisions for uncertain tax positions (Group)
Financial Statement Elements

Fea Fea
‘£595m £619

Uncertain tax positions |
Our assessment of risk vs FY23

We have not identified any significant changes to our assessment of the level of risk
relating to provisions for uncertain tax positions compared to FY23.

Our results

<->

FY24: acceptable
F¥23 acceptable


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘yratoge apo wowemance. mane statements Une formation

ecitt Annu Report and Accounts 2024 147

Independent Auditor's Report continued

4 Key Audit Matters continued
4.4 Provisions for uncertain tax positions (Group) continued
Description of the Key Audit Matter

The risk: subjective estimate

Due to the Group operating across a number of different tax jurisdictions, and the complexities of
transfer pricing and other international tax legislation, itis subject to periodic challenge by locel tax
authorities on a range of tax matters arising in the normal course of business.

These challenges by the local tax authorities include but are not limited to:

+ Transfer pricing arrangements relating to the Group's operating model,

+ Transfer pricing arrangements relating to the ownership of intellectual property rights that are
used across the group;

+ Deductibilty of certain expenditure; and

+ Permanent establishment risk

Provisions for uncertain tax positions require judgements and estimates to be made in relation to

tax issues and exposures where the Group may be challenged by local tax authorities on its

interpretation of tax legislation, Auditor judgement is required to assess whether the Directors’

overall estimate falls within an acceptable range. This takes into account the method and

‘assumptions underpinning exposures calculated such as: the clarity of relevant legislation and

related guidance; advice from in-house specialists; opinions of professional firms; past experience;

‘and precedents set by a particular tax authority

The effect of these matters is that, as part of our risk assessment, we determined that the estimates

of uncertain tax positions have a high degree of estimation uncertainty, with a potential range of

reasonable outcomes greater than our materiality for the Group's financial statements as a whole.

Our response to the risk
Our procedures to address the risk included:

(Our tax expertise: We used our own international and local tax specialists to assist us to:

+ Inspect and assess the Group's centrally prepared transfer pricing policies to determine whether
they reflect the risks, activities and substance of each of the entities within the supply chain; and

+ Assess the Group's tax positions, its correspondence with the relevant tax authorities, and to
analyse and challenge the assumptions used to determine provisions for tax uncertainties based
‘on our knowledge and experiences of the application of tax legislation

Historical comparisons: We assessed the historical accuracy of the provisions, with reference

to any recent tax authority audits and related results, and we considered the impact on the

remaining provision.

Assessing transparency: We assessed the adequacy of the Group's disclosures in notes Tand 22

in respect of uncertain tax positions.

We performed the tests above rather than seeking to rely on any of the Group's controls because

the:nature of the balance is such that we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through

the detailed procedures described,

‘Communications with the Reckitt Benckiser Group plc's Audit Committee
(ur discussions with and reporting to the Audit Committee included:

+ Our approach to the audit of the provisions for uncertain tax positions, including details of our
planned substantive procedures and the extent of our control reliance;

+ For the provisions for uncertain tax positions, whether and where the Group's estimate lay
within our reasonable range; and

+ The adequacy of the disclosures, particulary as it relates to the sensitivity ofthe uncertain
tax position to possible changes in key assumptions.

‘Areas of particular auditor judgement

We identified an area of particular auditor judgement to be the clarity ofthe associated

disclosure in relation to the estimation uncertainty associated with uncertain tax positions.

Our results

We found the level of the uncertain tax provisioning to be acceptable (FY23 result: acceptable).

Further information in the Annual Report and accounts: See the Audit Committee Report on page
{90 for details on how the Audit Committee considered provisions for uncertain tax positions as an
area of significant attention, page 166 for the accounting policy on uncertain tax positions and
Note 22 for the financial disclosures.

4.5 Contingent liabilities arising from the amendment to the South Korean Humidifier
Sanitiser (HS) Law (Group)

Financial statements disclosure in Note 20

Our assessment of risk vs FY23

We have not identified any significant changes to the level of risk relating to contingent

liabilities arising from the South Korean Humidifier Santiser (HS) Law compared to FY23,__©?

Our results.
Fy24: acceptable

FY23: acceptable


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
‘Yeatege por uovernance rnanciatstatemenss Urner formation

Recklt Annual Report and Accounts 2024148

Independent Auditor's Report continued

4 Key Audit Matters continued

4.5 Contingent liabilities arising from the amendment to the South Korean Humidifier
Sanitiser (HS) Law (Group) continued

Description of the Key Audit Matter

‘The risk: dispute outcome
The Group is involved in an ongoing litigation relating to the HS issue in South Korea

The South Korean HS law amendment enacted on 25 September 2020 significantly altered the
legal framework under which HS claims were previously made and settled. As a result of the law
amendment, additional judgement is needed to assess whether there could be further levy
payments, which would require a provision

The amounts involved are potentially significant, and the application of accounting standards to
determine the amount, if any, to be provided for, is inherently subjective. Given the uncertainty
relating to the likelihood, amount and timing of any possible economic outflow, there isa risk over
the classification of any liability as a provision or a contingent liability and the transparency of
disclosures therein

Our response to the risk
(Our procedures to address the risk included:

Inquiry of legal counsel: We inquired of the Group's internal and external counsel to obtain an
understanding of developments, the progress of litigation and the likelinoad of reaching a broader
resolution, We requested and received formal correspondence directly from the Group's external
counsel that evaluated the current status of legal proceedings.

We corroborated the consistency of the judgement made by the Directors to inquiries with both
internal and external legal counsel.

Assessing transparency: We assessed the adequacy of the Group's disclosures of contingent
liabilities related to the HS matter in Note 20, particularly the uncertainties relating to the amount
and timing of any resulting outflow.

We performed the test above rather than seeking to rely on any of the Group's controls because
the nature of the balance is such that we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through
the detailed procedures described,

‘Communications with the Reckitt Benckiser Group pic's Audit Committee

(Our discussions with and reporting to the Audit Committee included:

+ Our approach tothe assessment over the ongoing tigation relating to the HS issue in South Korea,

+ Our conclusions on the appropriateness of the Group's methodology and accounting policies; and

+ The adequacy of the disclosures, particularly as it relates to the uncertainties in elation to the
‘amount and timing of any resulting outflow.

‘Areas of particular auditor judgement

We identified an area of particular auctor judgement to be consideration of whether the

contingent liability disclosure is sufficiently transparent in respect of the uncertainties that exist

jn relation to the amount and timing of any resulting outfiows.

Our results

We found the Group's assessment that the impact of the HS law amendment as contingent

fabilties and transparency of disclosure to be acceptable (FY23 result: acceptable)

Further information in the Annual Report and accounts: See the Audit Committee Report on page
90 for details on how the Audit Committee considered contingent liabilities arising from the
‘amendment to the South Korean HS law as an area of significant attention, page 187 for the
‘accounting policy on contingent liabilities arising from the amendment to the South Korean HS law,
‘and Note 20 for the financial disclosures.

4.6 Recoverability of the parent company’s investment in the subsidiary, Reckitt Benckiser
Limited (Parent Company)
Financial statements disclosure in Note 2 to the Parent Company Financial Statements

Fy24 ey23
£15,248m £15174

Parent company investment

Our assessment of risk vs FY23

‘We have not identified any significant changes to our assessment of the level of risk
relating to recoverability of the Parent Company's investment compared to FY23

Our results.

FY24: acceptable
FY23: acceptable


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
‘yrarege pot wovemance nanes statements Une formation

Reckit Annual Report and Accounts 2028 149

Independent Auditor's Report continued

4Key Audit Matters continued

‘4.6 Recoverability of the parent company's investment in the subsidiary, Reckitt Benckiser
Limited (Parent Company) continued

Description of the Key Audit Matter

The risk: low risk, high value
The carrying amount of the Parent Company's investment in ts subsidiary, Reckitt Benckiser
Limited, represents 979% (FY23: 98.7%) of the Parent Company's total assets. Its recoverability

' not at a high risk of significant misstatement or subject to significant judgement. However, due
to its materiality in the context of the Parent Company's financial statements, ths is considered
tobe the area that had the greatest effect on our overall Parent Company audit

‘Our response to the risk

(Our procedures to address the rsk included

Comparing valuations: We compared the carrying amount ofthe investment to the market
Capitalisation of the Group as Reckitt Benckiser Limited, either directly or indirectly, owns all other
subsidiaries of the Group.

We performed the test above rather than seeking to rely on any ofthe Group's controls because
the nature of the balance is such that we would expect to obtain audit evidence primarily through
the detailed procedure described.

‘Communications with the Reckitt Benckiser Group plc's Audit Committee

‘Our discussions with and reporting to the Audit Committee included:

+ Our approach to the assessment of the carrying amount of the Parent Company's investment
in the subsidiary, including details of our planned substantive procedures and the extent of
‘our control reliance. :

+ For the carrying amount, our assessment of whether the conclusion that there is no
impairment of the Parent Company's investment in the subsidiary is acceptable,

Areas of particular auditor judgement
We identified no areas of particular auditor judgement in relation to this key audit matter,
Our results

We found the Parent Company's conclusion that there is no impairment of its investment in the
subsidiary to be acceptable (FYZ3 result: acceptable)

Further information in the Annual Report and accounts: See the Audit Committee Report on page
90 for details on how the Audit Committee considered recoverability of the Parent Company's
investment in the subsidiary, Reckitt Benckiser Limited as an area of significant attention, page 164
for the accounting policy on recoverability of the Parent Company's investment in the subsidiary,
Reckitt Benckiser Limited, and Note 2 for the financial disclosures.

5 Our ability to detect irregularities, and our response
To identify risks of material misstaternent due to fraud ("fraud risks") we assessed events or conditions
that could indicate an incentive or pressure to comrmit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud.

(Our risk assessment procedures included:

+ Consultation with our own forensic professionals to assist us in identifying fraud risks based on their
experience of comparable businesses, similar sectors, as well as of the geographies in which the
Group operates. Our forensic professionals participated inthe inital fraud risk assessment discussions
‘and were consulted throughout the audit when further guidance was deemed necessary;

+ Enquiry of the Directors, operational managers, the General Counsel, the Chief Ethics and
Compliance Officer and members of the intemal audit function to assess whether they have.
knowledge of any actual, suspected or alleged fraud;

+ Reading minutes of meetings of the Board, Audit Committee, Executive Committee, Corporate
Responsibility, Sustainability, Ethics and Compliance Committees, and Annual General meeting; and

+ Inspection of the Group's policies and procedures to prevent, detect and respond to the risks of fraud,
internal audit reports issued during the year and inspection of reports to the Group's whistleblowing
hotline and the responses to those reports, including those concerning investigations,

We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any
indications of fraud throughout the audit. This included communication from the group auditor to
‘component auditors of relevant fraud risks identified at the group level and requesting component
auditors performing procedures at component level to report to the group auditor any identified
fraud risk factors or identified or suspected instances of fraud that could give rise to a material
misstatement at the Group level

‘As required by auditing standards, and taking into account possible pressures to meet
performance targets, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of
Controls and the risk of fraudulent revenue recognition. We also performed procedures to address
‘management bias. In particular

+ The risk that group and component management could make inappropriate accounting entries;

+ For trade spend arrangements and other associated accruals that may be manipulated to alter
the timing of recognition of revenue and profit

+ The risk of bias when making accounting estimates and judgements, including the recoverable
amount of the IFCN CU reflecting possible pressures to realise value from significant
transactions and litigations (contingent liability disclosure).

Further detail on our procedures is set out in the Key Audit Matter disclosures, section 4 of this report:

For all components within scope, we identified journal entries to test based on risk criteria and
Comparing the identified entries to supporting documentation. These included unusual journal
entries associated with trade spend accruals.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

\emoge epom woverance. nunca statements Utne fermaven

echt Anal Report and Accounts 2024 150

Independent Auditor's Report continued

5 Our ability to detect irregularities, and our response continued

Laws and regulations - Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement
relating to compliance with laws and regulations

Laws and regulations risk assessment
We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material
effect on the financial statements from our general commercial and sector experience, through
discussion with the Directors and ather management (as required by auditing standards) and
inspected regulatory and legal correspondence received by the Group. We held enquiries with the
Group's external legal counsel where considered necessary, and we also inspected the policies
and procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.

{As the Group is regulated, our assessment of risks involved gaining an understanding of the control
environment including the entity's procedures for complying with regulatory requirements.

Risk communications

We communicated identified laws and regulations throughout our team and remained alert to any
indications of non-compliance throughout the audit. This included communication from the group
auditor to all component auditors of relevant laws and regulations identified at the group level, and
‘a request for component auditors to report to the Group auditor any instances of non-compliance
with laws and regulations that could give rise to a material misstatement at the group level.

Direct laws context and link to audit

‘The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably.
Firstly, Group is subject to laws and regulations that directly impact the financial statements including
financial reporting legislation (including related companies legislation) distributable profits
legislation, and taxation legislation (direct and indirect) and we assessed the extent of compliance
with these laws and regulations as part of our procedures on the related financial statements items.

Most significant indirect law/ regulation areas
Secondly, the Group is subject to many other laws and regulations where the consequences of
‘non-compliance could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the financial statements,
for instance through the imposition of fines or litigation or the loss of the Group's permission to
‘operate in countries where the non-adherence to laws could prevent trading in such countries,
We identified the following areas as those most likely to have such an effect:
+ Employee health and safety, reflecting the nature of the Group's production and distribution process;
+ Anti-bribery and corruption, reflecting that the Group operates in a number of countries where
there is an opportunity to engage in bribery given more limited regulation;
+ Interaction with healthcare professionals, reflecting the nature of the Group's products in the
Health and Nutrition Global Business Units;
+ Global competition laws, reflecting the nature of the Group's business and certain market
share positions;
+ Consumer product law such as product safety, quality standards and product claims, reflecting
the nature of the Group's diverse product base;
+ Data privacy laws, reflecting the Group's growing amounts of personal data held;
+ Intellectual property legislation, reflecting the potential of the Group to infringe trademarks,
copyright and patents; and
+ Environmental regulation, reflecting the nature of the Group's production and distribution process.
Auditing standards limit the required audit procedures to identify non-compliance with these laws
{and regulations to enquiry of the Directors and other management and inspection of regulatory
{and legal correspondence, if any. Therefore, if a breach of operational regulations is not disclosed
to us or evident from relevant correspondence, an audit will not detect that breach.

Link to KAMS
Further detail in respect of the effect of ongoing litigations relating to NEC in the United States
and the HS Law Amendment in South Korea is set out in the Key Audit Matter disclosures in

= Section 4 of this report.

Actual or suspected breaches discussed with audit committee
We discussed with the Audit Committee other matters related to actual or suspected breaches of
laws or reguiatons, for which disclosure isnot necessary, and considered any implications for our audit.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Yeategerepen  Cavernance nacalstatemens wine’ mtormaton

Reckitt Anal Report and Accounts 2024 151

Independent Auditor's Report continued

5 Our ability to detect irregularities, and our response continued
Context

Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation
‘Owing to the inherent imitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable sisk that we may not have
detected some material misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly
planned and performed our audit in accordance with auciting standards. For example, the further
removed non-compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected
in the financial statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing
standards would identify it In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-
detection of fraud, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. Our audit procedures are designed to
detect material misstatement. We are not responsible for preventing non-compliance or fraud and
‘cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws and regulations.

6 Our determination of materiality
‘The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. We set quantitative
thresholds and overlay qualitative considerations to help us determine the scope of our auait and
the nature, timing and extent of our procedures, and in evaluating the effect of misstatements,
booth individually and in the aggregate, on the financial statements as a whole.

140m
(F¥23: £140m)
Materiality for the GROUP financial statements as a whole

What we mean
‘A quantitative reference for the purpose of planning and performing our audit.

Basis for determining materiality and judgements applied
Materiality for the Group Financial Statements as @ whole was set at £140m (2023: £1400). This was
determined with reference to a benchmark of group normalised profit before tax from continuing
operations ('PBTCO’),

Consistent with FY23, we determined that Group normalised PBTCO remains the main benchmark
for the Group. We normalised by adding back adjustments that do not represent the normal,
Continuing operations of the Group. The items we adjusted for were the impaitment of goodwill,
the impact of one-off costs relating to the restructuring programme, and other adjusting items as
disclosed on page 226 in the table reconciling the Group's IFRS measures to its adjusted measures
for the year ended 31 December 2024, totaling £1019 millon net (FY23:£695 milion) As such, we
based our Group materiality on Group normalised PBTCO of £3,123m (FY23: £3,096m)

ur group materiality of £140m was determiried by applying a percentage to group normalised
PBTCO. When using a benchmark of normalised PBTCO to determine overall materiality, KPMG's
approach for listed entities considers a guideline range of 3% - 5% of the measure. In setting group
materiality, we applied a percentage of 4.5% (FY23: 4 5%) to the benchmark

Materaity for the Parent Company Financial Statements as a whole was set at £70m (FY23: £70m),
determined with ference to @ benchmark of parent company total assets of which it represents,
0.45% (FY23: 0.46%).

£91m

(F¥23: £105m)

Performance materiality

‘What we mean

‘Our procedures on individual account balances and disclosures were performed to a lower
threshold, performance materiality, so as to reduce to an acceptable level the risk that individually

immaterial misstatements in individual account balances add up to a material amount across the
financial statements as a whole.

Basis for determining performance materiality and judgements applied
‘We have considered performance materiality at a level of 65% (FY23: 75%) of materiality for Reckitt
Benckiser Group's financial statements as a whole to be appropriate. We applied this percentage
in our determination of performance materiality based on our understanding of the control
environment.

‘The Parent Company performance materiality was set at £52.5m (FY23: £52m), which equates to
175% (FY23: 75%) of materialty for the Parent Company financial statements as a whole.

\We applied this percentage in our determination of performance materiality because we did not
identify any factors indicating an elevated level of risk

£6m
(F¥23: £6m)
Audit misstatement posting threshold

What we mean
This is the amount below which identified misstatements are considered to be clearly trivial from a
quantitative point of view. We may become aware of misstatements below this threshold which
ould alter the nature, timing.and scope of our audit procedures, for example if we identify smaller
misstatements which are indicators of fraud.

This is also the amount above which all misstatements identified are communicated to the
Company's Audit Committee.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
‘yratege repeat. overnance.  rnanci statement Uvrermtormacon

Rockit Annual Report and Accounts 2024 SZ

Independent Auditor's Report continued

6 Our determination of materiality continued

Basis for determining the audit misstatement posting threshold and judgements applied

We set our audit misstatement posting threshold at 4.3% (FY23: 4.3%) of our materiality for the
Group financial statements. We also report to the Audit Committee any other identified
misstatements that warrant reporting on qualitative grounds,

The overall materiality for the Group Financial Statements of £140m (FY23: £140m) compares as
follows to the main financial statement caption amounts:

TotalGroupRevenve Group profit before tax __TotalGroup Assets
Fra res _FY24 Fras fea FY

Financial statement

Caption £14,169m__£14,607m _E2,104m__£2.401m_£25,307m _£27136m

Group Materiality 2s

percentage of caption 10% 10% 6.7% 6.2% 0.6% ___—OS%

7 The scope of our audit

Group scope

What we mean

How the group auditor determined the procedures to be performed across the Group.

This year, we applied the revised group auditing standard in our audit of the consolidated financial
statements. The revised standard changes how an auditor approaches the identification of
‘components, and how the audit procedures are planned and executed across components.

In particular, the definition of a component has changed, shifting the focus from how the entity
prepares financial information to how we, as the group auditor, plan to perform audit procedures
to address group risks of material misstatement ("RMMs"). Similarly, the group auditor has an
increased role in designing the audit procedures as well as making decisions on where these
procedures are performed (centrally andjor at component level), and how these procedures are
executed and supervised. As a result, we assess scoping and coverage in a different way and
‘comparisons to prior period coverage figures are not meaningful. In this report we provide an
indication of scope coverage on the new basis.

We performed risk assessment procedures to determine which of the Group’s components are
likely to include risks of material misstatement to the Group Financial Statements and which
procedures to perform at these components to address those risks.

In total, we identified 363 components based on our evaluation of the Group's operational
structure, the Group's legal structure, the existence of common risk profiles across entities, the
presence of key audit matters and other audit specific factors, and our ability to perform audit.
procedures centrally

We identified quantitatively significant components which contained the largest percentages of
either total revenue or total assets of the Group, for which we performed audit procedures.

‘Adgitionally, having considered qualitative and quantitative factors, we selected additional
‘components with accounts and disclosures contributing to the specific RMMs of the Group
Financial Statements,

The below summarises where we performed audit procedures:

Component type
‘Quantitative significant components 1

‘Other components where we performed

further audit procedures Al £9m- £75
Total 52

We involved component auditors in performing the audit work on 49 components. We performed
audit procedures on the items excluded from the normalised group profit before tax used as the
benchmark for our materiality. We set the component materialties having regard to the mix of size
and risk profile of the components across the Group. We also performed the audit of the Parent
Company.

Our audit procedures covered 81% of Group net revenue. We performed audit procedures in
relation to components that accounted for 76% of group profit before tax and 84% of group total
assets.

For the remaining components for which we performed no audit procedures, no component.
represented more than 1.3% of group total revenue, group profit before tax or group total assets.
We performed analysis at an aggregated group level to re-examine our assessment that there is
not a reasonable possibility of a material misstatement in these components.

The group aucitor has also performed audit procedures on the following areas on behalf of the
component auditors:

+ Testing of IT Systems;

+ Exceptional items such as impairment (note that component auditors perform work over local
redundancies); and

+ Testing of revenue recorded through a common service provider.
IT systems and parts of revenue are managed centrally, and items excluded from normalised group
PBTCO are adjusted at group level. Therefore, these items were audited by the group auditor. The

{group auditor communicated the results of these procedures to the component auditors where
relevant.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Yeawege rope eawernance nadncutstatments  uiherntermauon

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 183

Independent Auditor's Report continued

7 The scope of our audit continued
Group scope continued

Impact of controls on our group audit
During the audit we identified three global Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) finance IT systems
that were relevant to our audit which are used by all the components in the Group and are all
‘managed centrally from the UK. We used our IT auditors to assist usin assessing the design and
‘operating effectiveness of the generalT.contols of two of these global T systems covering the
majority of components in scope (by numibet). For these systems, having performed additional
procedures to respond to deficiencies identified, we were able to adopt a control reliance approach.
‘We also tested the design and operating effectiveness of IT general contol of related IT systems,
infrastructure layers and utility tools, including an IT system which covers manual journals all of which
we were also able to rely on. However, given the decentralised nature of the Group's overall control
environment and the limited number of automated contols in key transactional areas, this had a
limited impact on our audit approach

We did not seek to rely on general IT controls on the other identified IT system owing to our
knowledge of the control environment and the limited number of components which use this
system

‘The Group has a decentralised control environment and is on a controls transformation journey, (as
nated on pages 91-92 of the Aucit Committee report) which includes the refinement of the
Group's control framework and moving controls to shared service centres. AS a result ofthis and
Considering the most efficient and effective approach for gaining the appropriate audit evidence,
we did not seek to ely on manual transactional controls. We took a predominantly substantive
approach in all areas of the audit and accordingly increased the extent of our substantive
procedures.

Group auditor oversight
What we mean

‘The extent of the Group auditor's involvement in work performed by component auditors.

As part of establishing the overall group audit strategy and plan, we conducted the risk
assessment and planning discussion meeting with component auditors to discuss group audit risks
relevant to the components, including the key audit matter in respect of revenue recognition in
relation to trade spend arrangements and associated accruals

We physically visited component auditors in 22 counties in November and December 2024 to
attend management balance sheet reviews ahead of the year end (2023: 21). We also attended
three meetings virtually.

We had regular two-way contact with our component auditors throughout the year, including
issuing instructions to them on the scope of their work, risk assessment challenge and clearance
‘meetings at the planning, interim and final phases of the audit

We also inspected the work performed by the component auditors for the purpose of the group
audit and evaluated the appropriateness of conclusions drawn from the audit evidence obtained
and consistencies between communicated findings and work performed, with a particular focus
‘on revenue, trade spend accruals, cash and journals,

8 Other information in the annual report
The Directors are responsible for the other information presented in the Annual Report together
with the Financial Statements. Our opinion on the Financial Statements does not cover the other
information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, except as explicitly stated
below, any form of assurance conclusion thereon,

All other information

Our responsibility
Our responsibilty is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our
financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with,
the Financial Statements or our audit knowledge.

Our reporting

Based solely on that work we have not identified material misstatements or inconsistencies in the
other information.

Strategic report and directors’ report

Our responsibilty and reporting

Based solely on our work on the other information described above we report to you as follows:

+ We have not identified material misstatements in the Strategic Report and the Directors’ Report;

+ In our opinion the information given in those reports for the financial year is consistent with the
financial statements; and

+ In our opinion those reports have been prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006,

Directors! remuneration report

Our responsibility
We are required to form an opinion as to whether the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report
to be aucited has been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006,

Our reporting
In our opinion the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited has been properly
prepared in accordance with the Companies Act 2006,

Doousign Envelope 1D: FS4ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£64236709C84

‘Weategerepor | eavemnance nasneatstarements Umer intormaton

Reckit AnnualReport and Accounts 2026 154

Independent Auditor's Report continued

8 Other information in the annual report continued
Corporate governance disclosures

ur responsibility

We are required to perform procedures to identify whether there is a material inconsistency

between the financial statements and our audit knowledge, and:

+ The Directors’ statement that they consider that the annual report and financial statements
taken as a whole is fair, balanced and understandable, and provides the information necessary
for shareholders to assess the Group's position and performance, business model and strategy;

+ The section of the annual report describing the work of the Audit Committee, including the
significant issues that the Audit Committee considered in relation to the financial statements,
and how these issues were addressed; and

+ The section of the annual report that describes the review of the effectiveness of the Group's
risk management and internal control systems.

Our reporting
Based on those procedures, we have concluded that each of these disclosures is materially
consistent with the financial statements and our audit knowledge.

We are also required to review the part of the Corporate Governance Statement relating to the
Group's compliance with the provisions of the UK Corporate Governance Code specified by the UK
Listing Rules for our review.

‘We have nothing to report in this respect.
Other matters on which we are required to report by exception

ur responsibilty
Under the Companies Act 2006, we are required to report to you if

+ Adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Parent Company, or returns adequate
for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us;

+ The Parent Company's financial statements and the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report
to be audited are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns;

+ Certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
+ We have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

in our opinion:

ur reporting
We have nothing to report in these respects.

9 Respective responsibilities

Directors’ responsibilities
‘As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 138, the Directors are responsible for:
the preparation of the Financial Statements including being satisfied that they give a true and fair
view; such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or erior; assessing the
Group and Parent Company's abilty to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as applicable,
matters related to going concern; and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they
either intend to liquidate the Group or the Parent Company or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion
in an auditor's report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

‘A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC's website at wwwrc.org.uk/
auditorsresponsibilties.

The Company is required to include these financial statements in an annual financial report
prepared under Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule 4.117R and 4118R, This auditor's report
provides no assurance over whether the annwal financial report has been prepared in accordance
with those requirements.

10 The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as @ body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of
Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006 and the terms of our engagement by the Company. Our audit,
‘work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we
{are required to state to them in an auditor's report, and the further matters we are required to
state to them in accordance with the terms agreed with the company, and for no other purpose.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do nat accept or assume responsibilty to anyone other
than the Company and the Company's members, as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or
for the opinions we have formed,

Andrew Bradshaw (Senior Statutory Auditor)
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor
Chartered Accountants

15 Canada Square

London

5 March 2025

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

emegerepot woverance nang statements

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024

158

Group Income Statement
For the year ended 31 December 2024

Group Statement of Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 31 December 2024

2028 2023 20x 2023
‘m fm Note fm m
Continuing Operations Net profit 1,428 1657
Net revenue 2 14169 14,607 Other comprehensive income(expense) .
Cost of sales : (6.574)__(5847) _Items that have or may be reclossified to the Income
Gross profit 2,595 3,760 Statement in subsequent years
Impairment of intangible assets (839) (en) _ Net exchange (os) on foreign currency tansaton nes (aa2) wn
ther operating expenses 633) 6.419)
Reclassification of foreign currency translation reserves
Net operating expenses 3 (6.170) (6.229) on aisposal or liquidation of foreign operations, net of tox 1,26 oy 3
Operating profit 2 2,425 2531 Gains on net investment hedges, net of tax 7,26 85 42
Finance income 6 a 210 Fair value gains/losses) on cash flow hedges, net of tax 1.26 ° 18)
Finance expense $. (402) (340) Reclassification of cash flow hedges to the
Profit before income tax 2,104 2401 Income Statement 1,26 29 23)
Income tax charge 7 (672) (753) (330) (762)
Net profit from continuing operations 1,432 1,648 items thot will not be reclossified to the Income
Net (loss)/profit from discontinued operations @ 9 Statement in subsequent yoo ;
Net profit 7a28 e57__ Remeasurements of defined benefit pension plans,
eaabe To non-controling interests 2 1 Met Of tex 7 13) (26)
Revaluation of equity instruments - FVOCI, net of tax 1 (28) 0)
Attributable to owners of the Parent Company 1,426 1643 a G8)
Setprofit aL 165) Other comprehensive expense, net of tax a7) (03)
Basic earnings/(loss) per ordinary share Total comprehensive income 1057 asa
From continuing operations (pence) S 2082 2279 “rtnibutable to non-controling interests 2 3
ceraeceryenoysat es = — 13. Artributable to owners of the Parent Company 1055 aa
from total operations (pence) _ 3B 2036 202 Sal comprehensive income 1087 at
Diluted earnings/(oss) per ordinary share ‘Total comprehensive income attributable to owners
From continuing operations (pence) 8 2038 2274 of the Parent Company arising fro
From discontinued operations (pence) 8 (0.6) 13. Continuing operations 1059 832
From total operations (pence) a 2032 2287 piscontinued operations 4 9
1055 Bai


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-SBAC-F642367C9C84

enege pot overance rnanea statements

Reckitt Arnil Report and Accounts 2028

Group Balance Sheet
As at 31 December 2024

2008 2023 2028 2023
mn fm Note mn &
Assets Non-current liabilities
Non-current assets Long-term borrowings 7 (7238) (6858)
‘Goodwill and other intangible assets 9 S65 ——18.588_—_—Deferred tax iabilties 12 (2,849) (2.899)
Property, plant and equipment 0 2385 2,399 Retirement benefit obligations 3 (235) 233)
Equity instruments 7 108 718 Provisions for liabilities and charges 8 (62) 6?)
Deferred tax assets 243 287 Derivative financial instruments 15,17 73) is)
Retirement benefit surplus 2B 269 270 Non-current tax labiities 22 - (28)
‘Other non-current receivables 4 130 T72__ Other non-current liabilities 2a ) on
Total non-eurrent assets 20,700 21834 ‘Total non-current liabilities (00,635) (10,329)
Current assets Total liabilities (8,578) (18,667)
lnventories B 1637 Net assets - 6,720 8,469
Trade and other receivables, 4 2062 Equity
Derivative financial instruments 15,17 64 Capital andreserves
Current tax recoverable 80 Share capital 24 ™ ™
Cash and cash equivalents % 1387 Share premium 254 24
Assets held for sale Ta Merger reserve (14,229) (14,229)
Total current assets 4,598 3302 Other reserves 2% = (4390) (1060)
Total assets 25,298 27136 ‘Retained earnings 21990___23,409
Liabilities ‘Attributable to owners of the Parent Company 6,699 8,448
Current liabilities, Altributable to non-controliing interests 2 a
Short-term borrowings 7 (4423) (4679) Total equity 6720 8,469
Provisions for liabilities and charges a) (42) The accompanying notes form part of these Financial Statements. The Financial Statements
Trade and other payables 21 (5.291) (5,506) _on pages 155 to 196 were approved by the Board of Directors and signed on its behalf on
Derivative financial instruments 15,17 a) (78) 5 March 2025 by:
Share repurchase liability 24 «7 (296) Sir Jeremy Darroch Kris Licht
Current tax iabilties 2 (602) (620) Director Director
Liabilities held for sale = (17) Reckitt Benckiser Group ple Reckitt Benckiser Group plc
Total current liabilities (7943) (8338)

ossons octane by:
Juremy Darvods. (kis Licht

FCTASCOSF AEECC.

Docusign Envelope 1D: F54EC51-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
‘Waatege repo eowermance  nnancalstatemens uternermauon Recklt Annual Report and Accounts 2028 187

Group Statement of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 31 December 2024

share Heeger comrating Total
premium reverves! interests eguty
Note tm tm tm om
Balance at January 2023, 74 25404229) 409483
‘Comprehensive income
Net profit - - - ~ 16834683 “657
Other comprehensive income/(expense) - - - (166) G60) @ _ @
Total comprehensive income/(expense) : = = (766) 1607 aa 8 as4
Transactions with owners
Treasury shares reissued 2 - - - - 48 48 - 48
Pucchase of ordinary shares by employee share ownership trust - - - - @ @ - @
Repurchase of ordinary shares 2 - - - - 03) (603) - 603
Share-based payments 2s - - - - 102 102 - 102
Tax on share awards 7 - - - - 1 1 - 1
Cash dividends 2 - - - = 033) 0339) ® 034
Forward purchase of shares held by non-contioing interest 30 - - - - 43) 04) 6)
Total transactions with owners = = = = (1836) (1836) nS)
74 254 (4229) (4060) 23.409 8.448 a 8.469
Comprehensive income
Net profit - - - = a ee 2 ae
Other comprehensive income/(expense) - - - (30) @ em - om
Total comprehensive income/(expense) : = = (@30)4385——*1.055 24087
Transactions with owners
Treasury shares reissued 2 - - - - 3 3 3
Purchase of ordinary shares by employee share ownership trust - - - - @ @ - @
Repurchase of ordinary shares 2 - - - = (1508) (1509) - 508)
Share-based payments 25 - - - - 88 8s - 35
Cash dividends 2 - - - = 038 assy @___0383)
Total transactions with owners = = = = 808) 2,804) @)___ (2,806)
Balance at 31 December 2024 7% 254 (14.289) (1390) 21990 6,699 216.720

1 The merger reserve relates to the 1999 combination of Rect & Colman ple and Benckiser NV. and a Group econstuction a 2007 Weated asa merger unde art 27 of the Companies Act 2006
2 Refer to Note 26 fran exptanaton of oter reserves

Docusigh Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Yesagelopen | ovemance rnancarsttemen Utne iomavon ecklt Aros Repot and Accounts 2024158
Group Cash Flow Statement
For the year ended 31 December 2024
2028 202s 2028 202a

Note im m, Note im im
Cash Flows from Operating Activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Profit before tax 2104 2401 Treasury shares reissued 24 3 48
Net finance expense 6 321 130. Purchase of ordinary shares by employee share ownership
‘Operating profit from continuing operations ~paas assy tut Co) @
Loss/(proi) on sale of property plant and equipment and Repurchase of ordinary shares 24 aaa) 07)
intangible assets 3 (34) Proceeds from borrowings 0 1768 1638
Depreciation, amortisation and impaitment 910 1,308 11290 Repayment of borrowings 7 687) (1855)
Share-based payments 2s 85 102 Dividends paid to owners of the Parent Company 28 (4381) (1.339)
Decrease in inventories a 118 Dividends paid to non-controling interests @ ®
Increase in trade and other receivables 33) (87) Acquisition of non-controling interest (38) -
Decrease in payables and provisions (7a) (1) Other financing activities an) (84)
‘Cash generated from continuing operations 3,675 3829 Net cashused in financing activities (.715)___(1809)
Interest paid (350) (293) _ Net (decreasey/increase in cash and cash equivalents (a29) 361
Interest received 58 30 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 1380 1986
Tax.paid (700) (922) Exchange losses (7a) 37)
Net cash flows attributable to discontinued operations 30 o (8) Cashand cash equivalents at end of the year 879 7,380
Net cash generated from operating activities 2636 Cash and cash equivalents comprise
Cash Flows from Investing Activities Cash and cash equivalents per the Balance Sheet? 6 880 1387
Purchase of property, plant and equioment 0 (370) 348) Overdrafts wv o @
Purchase of intangible assets . ° (95) 101) 879 1380
Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment 4 63 1 casnfows tom one fnancing ative ar principal comporedo ath ecepts and payments on derivative contacts
Proceeds from sale of intangible assets and related uaarohedge own enchange gig ton no-ering frac atts nd rang abies Between he Groups
businesses, net of cash disposed s7 12 metus win cath and cash equivalents £120 millon of cash (2028 £229 milion) whichis restricted forse bythe Group
‘Accuistion of businesses, et of cash acquired 2» . (giy- bits vlc on emond an ec raul for ase ihn ie elevan sb ee Hote)
Other investing activities @ -
Net cash used in investing activities (396) (468)


Docusign Envelope 10: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

uawepelepot boverancepnancalsttemens Uaneriormavon

Reckitt AnnualReport and Accounts 2024159

Notes to the Financial Statements

1 Accounting Policies

The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated Financial
Statements are set out below. Unless otherwise stated, these policies have been consistently
applied to all the years presented.

Basis of preparation

These consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the recognition,
measurement and presentation requirements of UK-adopted International Accounting Standards
and in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS Accounting Standards) as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB),

‘These consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention,
as modified by the revaluation of certain financial assets and liabilities (including derivative
instruments) at fair value through profit or loss or other comprehensive income. A summary of the
Group's accounting policies is set out below. Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of
the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

The preparation of Financial Statements that conform to IFRS requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the
Balance Sheet date and revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Although

these estimates are based on management's best knowledge at the time, actual amounts may
ultimately differ from those estimates.

New standards, amendments and interpretations

The following accounting standard amendments were adopted by the Group on 1 January 2024.
They have not had a significant impact on the consolidated Financial Statements.

+ Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (Amendments to 1AS 1)

+ Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (Amendments to IAS 1)

+ Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback (Amendments to IFRS 16)

+ Supplier Finance Arrangements (Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7)

‘The Group has supplier finance arrangements, Adoption of the amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7
has resulted in the Group providing disclosures about these arrangements in Note 15 to the
consolidated Financial Statements.

Certain changes to IFRS will be applicable to the Group financial statements in future years, but are
not expected to have a material effect on the reported net revenue, profit or equity in the financial
statements. Changes include the proposed IFRS 18, which is expected to change certain aspects
Of the Group's reporting of the profit and loss account, balance sheet, cash flow statement, and
certain notes to the accounts, The requirements of IFRS 18 are expected to be implemented with
effect from 1 January 2027, with retrospective application,

Going concern
Having assessed the principal risks and other matters discussed in connection with the Viability
‘Statement, the Directors considered it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting
in preparing the consolidated Financial Statements. When reaching this conclusion, the Directors,
100k into account the Group's averall financial position, exposure to principal risks and future
business forecasts for atleast 12 months from the date of approval of the Financial Statements.

‘At 31 December 2024, the Group had cash and cash equivalents (excluding restricted cash) of £0.8
billion. The Group also had access to committed borrowing facilites of £4.45 billion, of which £124
million (2023: Eni) was drawn at year end and of which £35 billion (31 December 2023: £4:5 billion)
expire after more than two years. Further detail is contained within the Viability Statement on.
page $7 and within the liquidity disclosures in Note 1S.

sis of consolidation
The consolidated Financial Statements include the results of Reckitt Benckiser Group ple, a
‘company registered in the UK, and all its subsidiary undertakings made up to the same accounting
Gate. Subsidiary undertakings are those entities controlled by Reckitt Benckiser Group pic. Control
exists where the Group is exposed to, or has the rights to variable returns from its involvement
with the investee and has the ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.

Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between Group
‘companies have been eliminated on consolidation. Unrealised losses have also been eliminated to
the extent that they do not represent an impairment of a transferred asset. The accounting
policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with
accounting policies adopted by the Group.

Climate Change
In preparing the Financial Statements, management have considered the impact of climate

change, specifically with reference to the disclosures included in the Strategic Report and the
Group's 2030 Sustainability Ambitions, particularly in relation to impairment testing of intangible
assets, These factors have not had a significant effect on the Group's critical accounting estimates
‘and judgements made with respect to the current year.

Foreign currency translation
Items included in the Financial Statements of each of the Group's entities are measured using the
currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the functional
currency). The consolidated Financial Statements are presented in sterting, which is the Group's
presentational currency.

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using exchange rates
prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the
settlement of foreign currency transactions and from the translation of foreign currency
denominated monetary assets and liabilities are recognised in the Income Statement, except
where hedge accounting is applied.

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-E64236709C84

‘yratege repo woverance  rnsrea statements Utne itormavon

Reckitt Anal Report and Accounts 2024 160

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

1 Accounting Policies continued

Foreign currency translation continued
The Financial Statements of subsidiary undertakings with a non-sterling functional currency are
translated into sterling on the following basis:

+ Assets and liabilities: at the rate of exchange ruling at the year end date
+ Income Statement items: at the average rate of exchange for the year

Exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in subsidiary undertakings
with a non-sterling functional currency, and of borrowings and other currency instruments
designated as hedges of such investments, are recorded in equity on consolidation

Business combinations

The acquisition method is used to account for the acquisition of subsidiaries and businesses.
Identifiable net assets acquired (including intangible assets) in a business combination are
‘measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.

Where the measurement of the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired is incomplete at the end
Of the réporting period in which the combination occurs, the Group will report provisional fair values.
Final fair values are determined within a year of the acquisition date and retrospectively applied,

The excess of the consideration transferred and the amount of any non-controlling interest over,
the fair value of the identifiable assets (including intangibles), abilities and contingent liabilities
acquired is recorded as goodwill

The consideration transferred is measured at the fair value of the assets given, equity instruments,
{issued (if any), and liabilities assumed or incurred at the date of acquisition,

Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred,

The results of the subsidiaries and businesses acquired are included in the consolidated Financial
Statements from the acquisition date.

Assets held for sale and disposal groups

Non-current assets, or disposal groups comprising assets and liabilities, are classified'as held for
sale and presented separately in the Balance Sheet when the following criteria are met: the Group
is committed to selling the asset or disposal group: itis available for immediate sale in its current
condition; an active plan of sale has commenced and been approved inline with Group policy; and
in the judgement of Group management its highly probable that the sale will be completed within
2 months.

Immediately before the initial classification of the assets and disposal groups as held for sale, the
carrying amounts of the assets (or all the assets and liabilities in the disposal groups) are measured
in accordance with the applicable accounting standards. Goodwill including cost and
accumulated impairment) is allocated to the disposal group using a relative value approach, unless
a different method better reflects goodwill associated with the disposal.

‘Assets held for sale and disposal groups are subsequently measured at the lower of their carrying
‘amount and fair value less costs of disposal. Impairment losses on initial classification as held for
sale, and subsequent gains and losses on remeasurement to fair value less costs of disposal, are
recognised in the income Statement. Once classified as held for sale, intangible assets and
property, plant and equipment are no longer amortised or depreciated

Disposals of intangible assets and subsidiaries
‘The financial performance of subsidiaries and businesses is included in the consolidated Financial
Statements up to the point at which the Group ceases to have control over that subsidiary
Intangible assets not disposed of through the sale of shares in subsidiaries are treated as disposed
at the point that the Group ceases to control the asset.

The difference between the fair value of the consideration (net of costs) and the carrying value of
the assets and liabilities disposed is recognised as a gain or loss in the Income Statement. Any
‘amounts previously ‘ecognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that subsidiary or
‘asset, including exchange gains or losses on foreign currency translation, are accounted for as if
the Group had directly disposed of related assets and liabilities. This results in a reclassification of,
‘amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income to the Income Statement and
included within the loss on disposal of intangible assets and related businesses.

Where the assets and liabilities disposed represent a partial disposal of a cash generating unit to
‘which goodwill has been allocated, goodwil is allocated using a relative value approach to the
disposal group, unless a different method better reflects goodwill associated with the disposal.
Where the tax base will not be transferred with the disposed assets, the deferred tax balances
relating to the intangible assets are not considered part of the assets disposed and are instead
credited or charged to the Income Staternent within income tax expense.

Liquidation of subsidiaries

The Group liquidates subsidiaries that are no longer required in order to simplify the Group
structure. As part of this process, the Group ensures any outstanding matters relating to the
subsidiary are resolved before liquidation. Any amounts previously recognised in other
‘comprehensive income in respect of that subsidiary, including exchange gains and losses on
foreign currency translation, are reclassified to the Income Statement on disposal which is typically
‘on entering liquidation. The amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are
included within finance income in the Income Statement.

Non-controlling interests
(On an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, the non-controling interest is measured at either fair value
F a proportionate share of the acquiree's net assets.

Purchases of non-controlling interests are accounted for as transactions with the owners and
therefore no goodwill is recognised as a result of such transactions,

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

eatege report ovemnance rnancastatemens Une mtormavon

Reckitt aval Repor and Accounts 2028 161

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

1 Accounting Policies continued

Revenue

Revenve from the sale of products is cecognised inthe Group income Statement as and when
performance obligations are satisied by transfering control ofthe product or service tothe
Customer

Net revenue is defined asthe amount invoiced to external customers during the year and
Comprises as requited by IFRS 15, gross sales net of trade spend, customer alowances for credit
notes, turns and consumer coupons. The methodology and assumptions used to estimate crect
notes returns and consumer coupons are monitored and adjusted regulary in ight of contractual
and legal obligations, historical rends, past experience and projected market conditions

Tiade spend, which consists primariy of customer pricing alowances,placementfisting fees

and promotional allowances, s governed by sales agreements with the Groups trade customers
((etalers and cistibutors), Trade spend als includes reimbursement arrangements under the
Special Supplemental Nutition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC), payable tothe
respective US state WIC agencies,

Accruals are recognised under the terms ofthese agreements to reflect the expected activity
level and the Group's historical experience. These accruals are reported within trade and other
payables

Value-added tax and other sales taxes are excluded from net revenue

Operating segments
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internat reporting provided to
the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating
resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the
Group Executive Committee.

Research and development
Research expenditure is expensed in the year in which iti
Development expenditure is expensed in the year in which itis incurred, unless it meets the

requirements of IAS 38 to be capitalised and then amortised over the useful fe of the developed
product.

incurred.

Income tax
Income tax on the profit for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax is recognised
in the Income Statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other
comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the tax is also recognised in other
comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively,

Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates

“ enacted or substantively enacted in each jurisdiction at the Balance Sheet date, and any

adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Daferred tax is provided in full sing the lability method, on temporary differences arising
between the tax bases of assets and liabilties and their carrying amounts in the consolidated
Financial Statements. Deferred tax is not accounted for if it arises from the initial recognition of an
asset or ability in a transaction (other than a business combination) that affects neither
‘accounting nor taxable profit or loss at that time. Deferred tax is determined using tax rates (and
laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the Balance Sheet date and are
expected to apply when the deferred tax asset or liability is settled. Deferred tax assets are
recognised to the extent that its probable that future taxable profit willbe available against
which the temporary differences can be utilised.

Deferred tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries except
where the investor is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it
's probable that the temporary difference will nt reverse in the foreseeable future,

Deferred tax assets and liabilities within the same tax jurisdiction are offset where there is a legally
enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and where there is an
intention to settle these balances on a net basis.

Goodwill and other intangible assets

() Goodwill

Goodwill is allocated to the cash generating unit (CGU), or group of CGUs (GCGU), to which it
relates and is tested annually for impairment. Goodwill is carried at cost less accumulated
impairment losses.

(ip Brands
Separately acquired brands are shown at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment.
Brands acquired as part of a business combination, and that are separately identifiable, are
recognised at fair value and amartised over their useful economic life as determined at the
acquisition date (up to 20 years), except when their life is determined as being indefinite.

Applying indefinite lives to certain acquired brands is appropriate due to the stable long-term
nature of the business and the enduring nature of the brands. A core element of the Group's
strategy is to invest in building its brands through an ongoing programme of product innovation
{and continuing marketing investment. Within the Group, @ brand typically comprises an assortment
of base products and more innovative products. Both contribute to the enduring nature of the
brand. The base products establish the long-term positioning of the brand while a succession of
innovations attracts ongoing consumer interest and attention. Indefinite life brands are allocated
to the CGUs or GCGUs to which they relate and are tested annually for impairment,

The Directors also review the useful economic life of brands annually, o ensure that these lives are
still appropriate. If a brand is considered to have a finite life its carrying value is amortised over its
remaining estimated useful economic life.

i) Software
Expenditure relating to the acquisition of computer software licences and systems is capitalised
at cost. The assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over a period of seven years for systems
and five years or less forall other software.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

‘Weatege feporeowernance nasneis stoves User ormavon

‘Rechte Annual Report and Accounts 2028 162

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

1 Accounting Policies continued
Goodwill and other intangible assets continued

(iv) Distribution rights
Payments made in respect of product registration and acquired and reacquired distribution rights
are capitalised where the rights comply with the above requirements for recognition of acquired
brands. If the registration or distribution rights are for a defined time period, the intangible asset is
amortised over that period. If no time period is defined, the intangible asset is treated in the same
way as acquired brands,

(©) Customer contracts

Acquired customer contracts are capitalised at cost. These costs are amortised on a straight-line
basis over the period of the contract.

(vi Customer relationships

Customer relationships are shown at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment.
Customer relationships acquired as part of a business combination, and that are separately
identifiable, are recognised at far value and amortised over their useful economic Ife as
determined at the acquisition date (up to 10 years)

(wil) Acquired intellectual property

Intellectual property rights acquired as part of a business and that are separately identifiable are
recognised at fair value and amortised over their useful economic life as determined at the
acquisition date (up to 20 years).

‘Amortisation of intangible assets in (i) to (vi) is charged to cost of goods sold or net operating
expenses depending on the use of the asset.

Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment,
with the exception of freehold land, which is shown at cost less impaitment. Cost includes
expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. Except for freehold land
{and assets under construction, the cost of property, plant and equipment is depreciated on a
straight-line basis over the period of the expected useful life of the asset. For this purpose,
expected lives are determined within the following limits:

+ freehold buildings: not more than $0 years;

+ leasehold land and buildings: the lesser of 50 years or the life of the lease; and

+ owned plant and equipment: not more than 15 years (except for environmental assets and spray
dryers which are not more than 30 years)

In general, production plant and equipment and office equipment are depreciated over 10 years or
Jess and motor vehicles and computer equipment over 5 years or less,

Assets! residual values and useful lives are reviewed annually, and adjusted if necessary. Property,
plant and equipment is reviewed for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount may not be appropriate. Freehold land is reviewed for impaicment on an
‘annual basis.

Gains and losses on the disposal of property, plant and equioment are determined by comparing
the asset’s carrying value with any sale proceeds and are included in the Income Statement.

Leases
The Group has various lease arrangements for buildings (such as offices and warehouses), cars,
and IT equipment, Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis locally and subject to local
rules and regulations. At the inception of a lease contract, the Group assesses whether the
contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a certain period in exchange
for consideration, in which case itis identified as a lease. The Group recognises a right of use asset
‘and a corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease arrangements in which itis the lessee,
‘except for short-term leases (defined as leases with a lease term of 12 months or less) and leases
of low value assets. Low value leases are those with an underlying asset value of USD 5,000 or less.
For these leases, the Group recognises the lease payments as an operating expense on 2
straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

Right of use assets

‘At commencement date, right of use assets are measured at cost, which comprises the following:

+ the initial measurement of the lease lability;

+ prepayments before commencement date of the lease;

+ initial direct costs; and

+ costs to restore at the termination of the lease.

Subsequent to intial recognition, right of use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over

the duration of the contract. Right of use assets are assessed for impairment where indicators of

impairment are present.

Lease liabilities

At commencement date, lease liabilities are measured at the present value of lease payments not

yet paid including:

+ fixed payments excluding lease incentive receivables;

+ future contractually agreed fixed increases; and

+ payments related to renewals or.early termination, when options to renew or for early
termination are reasonably certain to be exercised

Subsequent to initial recogaition lease liabilities are increased by the interest costs on the lease
liabilities and decreased by lease payments made. Lease liabilities are remeasured when required
to account for revised future payments.


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Sentogerepon boverance rience statements ‘Une mormavon

Recitt Arnal Report ad Accounts 2024 163

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

1 Accounting Policies continued

Impairment of assets

Assets that have indefinite lives, including Goodwill and brands, are tested annually for impairment
at the level where cash flows are considered to be largely independent. This testing is performed.
at either the CGU or GCGU level. All CGUs and GCGUs are tested for impairment if there is an event
OF circumstance that indicates that their carrying value may not be recoverable. If the carrying
value exceeds its recoverable amount an impairment loss is recognised in the Income Statement.
The recoverable amount is the higher of the CGU's or GCGU's value-in-use and its fair value less
costs of disposal

Value-in-use is calculated with reference to the future and terminal cash flows expected to be
generated by each CGU or GCGU (or group of assets where cash flows are not identifiable to
specific assets) and discounted to present value. The discount rates used in the impairment
reviews are based on weighted average cost of capital (WACC) specific to each CGU and GCGU,
with the WACC converted to the implied pre-tax rates,

Fair value less costs of disposal s calculated using a discounted cash flow approach prepared on 3

‘market participant basis, with a post-tax discount rate applied to projected risk-adjusted post-tax
cash flows and terminal value

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises materials,
direct labour and an appropriate portion of overhead expenses (based on normal operating
capacity) required to get the inventory to its present location and condition. Inventory valuation is
Getermined on a first in, first out (FIFO) basis. Net realisable value represents the estimated net
selling price less applicable selling expenses.

Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables are initially recognised at the fair value of consideration plus
transaction costs and subsequently held at amortised cost, less provision for discounts and
doubtful debts. Allowance losses are calculated by reviewing lifetime expected credit losses using
historic and forward-looking data on credit risk

Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value less transaction costs and
subsequently carried at amortised cost

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and other deposits with a maturity of less than
three months when deposited.

For the purpose of the Cash Flow Statement, bank overdrafts that form an integral part of the
Group's cash management, and are repayable on demand, are included as a component of cash
and cash equivalents. Bank overdrafts are included within short-term borrowings in the Balance:
Sheet.

Borrowings
Interest-bearing borrowings are recognised initially at far value less, where permitted by IFRS 9,
any directly attabutable transaction costs. Subsequent to inital recognition, interest-bearing
borrowings ae stated at amortised cost with any difference between cost and redemption value
being recognised in the income Statement over the period ofthe borrowings on an effective
interest basis

Cash flows relating to interest are presented within operating cash flows. Proceeds and
repayment of principal amounts are presented as financing cash flows and are presented gross,
except for borrowings with maturities of less than three months (including commercial paper),
which are presented net.

Derivative financial instruments and hedging activity
The Group may use derivatives to manage its exposures to fluctuating interest and foreign
exchange rates. These instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date the contract is
entered into and are subsequently remeasured at their fair value. The method of recognising the
resulting gain or loss depends on whether the derivative is designated as @ hedging instrument.
{and, if so, the nature of the item being hedged.

{At the inception of designated hedge relationships, the Group documents its risk management
objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedging transactions. The Group also documents,
its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis, of whether the derivatives that
are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows or fair
values of hedged items.

‘The Group designates certain derivatives as either:

+ hedges of a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable
forecast transaction (cash flow hedges); or

+ hedges of the fair value of recognised assets or liabilities or a firm commitment (fair value
hedges).

Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
‘The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as.
cash flow hedges is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the hedging
reserve. Any gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immeciately in the
Income Statement.

When the hedged forecast transaction subsequently results in the recognition of a non-financial
item such as inventory, the amount accumulated in the hedging reserve and the cost of hedging
reserve is included drectiy inthe intial cost of the non-financial item when itis recognised. For all
other transactions, the amounts accumulated in the hedging reserve are recycled to the Income
‘Statement in the period (or periods) when the hedged item affects the Income Statement.

Ifthe hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting or the hedging instrument is sold,
expires is terminated, or is exercised, then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. The
‘amount that has been accumulated in the hedging reserve remains in equity until itis either
included in the cost of a non-financial item or recycled to the Income Statement.


Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-408E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘yrarege pot. wovernance.  rnancar statements Wore tormavon

Reckitt Annus! Report and Accounts 2024164

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

‘1 Accounting Policies continued

Derivatives designated as fair value hedges

Fair value hedges are used to manage the currency and/or interest rate risks to which the fair value
of certain assets and liabilities are exposed. Changes in the fair value are recognised in the Income
Statement, together with any changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are
attributable to the hedged risk. If such a hedge relationship no longer meets hedge accounting
criteria fair value movements on the derivative continue to be taken to the Income Statement
while any fair value adjustments made to the underlying hedged item to that date are amortised
through the Income Statement over its remaining life using the effective interest rate method.

Changes in the fair value of any derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting
are recognised immediately in the Income Statement.

Net investment hedges

Gains and losses on those hedging instruments designated as hedges of the net investments in
foreign operations are recognised in other comprehensive income to the extent that the hedging
relationship is effective. Gains and losses accumulated in the foreign currency translation reserve
are recycled to the Income Statement when the foreign operation is disposed of.

Equity investments

Equity investments are investments that are neither held for trading nor classified as investments
in subsidiaries, associates or joint venture arrangements. Subsequent to their initial ecogrition,
equity investments are stated at their fair value. Gains and losses arising from subsequent changes
in the fair value are recognised in the Income Statement or in other comprehensive income on 3
case-by-case basis, Accumulated gains and losses included in other comprehensive income are
‘not recycled to the Income Statement. Dividends from equity investments are recognised in the
Income Statement.

Investment in associates

Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method. An associate is an entity
‘over which the Group has significant influence, being the power to participate in the investee’s.
financial and operating policy decisions without control or joint control.

Interests in associates are stated in the consolidated Balance Sheet at cost, adjusted for the
‘movement in the Group's share of their net assets and liabilities. The Group's share of the profit,
tr loss after tax of associates is included in the Group's consolidated profit before taxation.
Unvealised intragroup profits or losses from transactions are offset against the carrying amount,
Of the investment on a pro-rata basis during consolidation, if material.

When the Group's share of losses exceeds its interest in an associate, the Group does not
recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the
associate.

The Financial Statements of the companies accounted for using the equity method are prepared
in accordance with uniform accounting and measurement methods throughout the Group.

Employee share schemes
Incentives in the form of shares are provided to employees under equity-settled share option
and restricted share plans, which have various combinations of market-based and non-market
performance conditions, service conditions, and non-vesting conditions.

‘The fair value determined at the award grant date takes into account the probability of any
relevant market-based performance conditions and non-vesting conditions being satisfied and
is subsequently expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group's
estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest. This estimate takes into account the
‘expected outcome for relevant non-market performance conditions and service conditions but
assumes satisfaction of all market-based performance conditions and non-vesting conditions.
‘At each Balance Sheet date, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments
expected to vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in the
Income Statement such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with 3
corresponding adjustment to equity reserves,

Additional employer costs, including social security taxes, in respect of options and awards are
charged to the Income Statement over the same period with 2 corresponding liability recognised.

Pension commitments

Group companies operate defined contribution and (funded and unfunded) defined benefit
pension plans,

The cost of providing pensions to employees who are members of defined contribution plans is
ccharged to the Income Statement as contributions are made. The Group has no further payment
Obligations once the contributions have been paid,

‘The deficit or surplus recognised in the Balance Sheet in respect of defined benefit pension plans
is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the Balance Sheet date, less the fair value
Of the plan assets. The defined benefit obligation is calculated annually by independent actuaries
Using the projected unit credit method. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is
determined by discounting the estimated future cash flows by the yield on high-quality corporate
‘bonds denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have a maturity
‘approximating to the terms of the pension obligations. The costs of providing these defined.
benefit plans are accrued aver the period of employment. Actuarial gains and losses are
recognised immediately in other comprehensive income.

Past service costs are recognised immediately in the Income Statement.

The net interest amount is calculated by applying the discounted rate used to measure the defined
benefit obligation at the beginning of the period to the net defined benefit iabilityasset.

The net pension plan interest is presented within other finance incomejother finance expense.

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

‘emge leper woverance.  rinancu statements /otner mroematon|

‘Recht Anal Report and Accounts 2024 16S

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

1 Accounting Policies continued
Post-retirement benefits other than pensions

Some Group companies provide post-retirement medical care and other benefits to their retirees.
The costs of providing these benefits are accrued over the period of employment and the liability
recognised in the Balance Sheet is calculated using the projected unt credit method and is
discounted to its present value and the fair value of any elated asset is deducted.

Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the Group has @ present legal or constructive obligation as a result
‘of past events; itis more likely than not that there will be an outflow of resources to settle that
‘obligation; and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions are valued at the present value of
the Directors’ best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the Balance
Sheet date. Where its possible that an outflow of resources may be required to settle the
‘Obligation or itis not possible to make a reliable estimate of the financial impact, appropriate
<isclosure is made but no provision recognised.

Repurchase and reissuance of ordinary shares
‘When shares recognised as equity are repurchased, the amount of the consideration paid,
including directly attributable costs, is recognised as a charge to equity. Repurchased shares are
Classified as Treasury shares and are presented in retained earnings. When Treasury shares are sold
or reissued subsequently, the amount received is recognised as an increase in equity and any
resulting surplus is presented within share premium or deficit presented within retained earnings.

Dividend distribution
Dividends to owners of the Parent Company are recognised as a liability in the period in which the
dividends are approved by the Company's shareholders. interim dividends are recorded in the
period in which they are approved and paid

Dividend payments are recorded at fair value. Where non-cash dividend payments are made, gains
atising as a result of fair value remeasurements are recognised in the Income Statement in the
same period.

Accounting estimates and judgements
In preparing these consolidated Financial Statements, management has made judgements and
estimates that affect the application of the Group's accounting policies and the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual amounts and results may differ from these
estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects
both current and future periods.

Critical judgements in applying the Group's accounting policies
Over the course of the year, management has made a number of critical judgements in the
application of the Group's accounting policies. These include the following:

+ management has determined that the Essential Home business should not be classified as held
for sale as at 31 December 2024, given the significant level of pre-sale activity remaining to be
completed before the Essential Home business could be considered to be available for
immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for
sales of such disposal groups;

+ management has identified matters (including the Korea Humidifier Sanitiser, Necrotizing
Enterocolitis and Phenylephrine issues) that may incur liabilities in the future but does not
recognise these liabilities when itis too early to determine the likely outcome or make a reliable
estimate (Note 18, Note 20);

+ the continuing enduring nature of the Group's brands supports the indefinite life assumption for
certain of these assets (Note 9); and

+ assumptions are made as to the recoverability of tax assets especially as to whether there will
be sufficient future taxable profits in the same jurisdictions to fully utilise losses in future years
(Note 12)

Key sources of estimation uncertainty

Each year, management is required to make a number of assumptions regarding the future. The
related year-end accounting estimates will by definition, seldom equal the final actual results. The
estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.

Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets:

Under IFRS, goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets must be tested for impairment on at
least an annual basis. As disclosed further in Note 9, this testing generally requires management to
make multiple estimates, for example around individual market pressures and forces, future price
{and volume growth, future margins, terminal growth rates and discount rates,

The recoverability of the Group's goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets in relation to the
Infant Feeding and Child Nutrition (IFCN) cash generating unit and Biofreeze is sensitive to
reasonably possible changes in key assumptions. Further information on key estimates and
‘assumptions, including details on the sensitivities of the value-in-use estimates to reasonable
changes in key assumptions, is included in Note 9.


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-€642367C9C84

usage pot ovemnance rnanca statements uxtertermacan

chit Annual Report and Accounts 2024 166

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

11 Accounting Policies continued
Key sources of estimation uncertainty continued

Tax:

The actual tax paid on profits is determined based on tax laws and regulations that differ across
the numerous jurisdictions in which the Group operates. Assumptions are made in applying these
Jaws to the taxable profits in any given period in order to calculate the tax charge or credit for that
period. Where the eventual tax paid or reclaimed is different to the amounts originally estimated,
the difference is charged or credited to the Income Statement in the period in which itis
determined (Note 7).

‘The Group operates in an international tax environment and is subject to tax examinations and
uncertainties in a number of jurisdictions. The issues involved can be complex and disputes may
take a number of years to resolve. Each uncertainty is separately assessed and management
applies judgement in the recognition and measurement of the uncertainty based on the relevant
circumstances. The exposure recognised is calculated based on the expected value method or
the most likely outcome method, depending on whether there are 2 wide range of possible
‘outcomes or if resolution of the uncertainty is concentrated on one outcome. in particular, the
range of possible outcomes relating to transfer pricing exposures can be wide and, in these
scenarios, the expected value method is employed. The accounting estimates and judgements
considered include

+ status of the unresolved matter;

+ clarity of relevant legislation and related guidance;

+ pre-clearances issued by taxing authorities;

+ advice from in-house specialists and opinions of professional firms;

+ resolution process and range of possible outcomes;

+ past experience and precedents set by the particular taxing authority;

+ decisions and agreements reached in other jurisdictions on comparable issues;

+ unutilsed tax losses, tax credits and availability of mutual agreement procedures between tax
authorities; and

+ statute of limitations.

‘Management is of the opinion that the carrying values of the liability for uncertain tax positions
‘made in respect of these matters represent its best estimate once all facts and circumstances
have been taken into account. Nevertheless, the final amounts paid to discharge the liabilities
arising (either through negotiated settlement or litigation) may be different from the position
recognised. The net liabilities recognised in respect of uncertain tax positions as at 31 December
2024 are £595 milion (2023: £619 million) (Note 22)

Trade spend
The Group provides for amounts payable to our trade customers for promotional activity and.
government reimbursement arrangements. Where an activity spans the year end, an accrual is
reflected in the consolidated Financial Statements based on our estimation of customer and
‘consumer uptake during the relevant period and the extent to which temporary funded activity
hhas occurred. As there is a timing difference between that initial estimation and final settlement
of trade spend with our customers, differences can result on final settlement. As at 31 December
2024, the Group recognised total accruals of £1,074 milion (2023: £1,125 million) in respect of
‘amounts payable to trade customers and government bodies for trade spend. The Group's trade
spend arrangements vary considerably by market and category, and the Group's trade spend
accruals are made up of many individually small accruals. Therefore, an aggregated disclosure of
‘sensitivity analysis on the key inputs to trade spend accrual estimates would not be practicable
nor meaningful. Nevertheless, a 13% (2023: 13%) difference between those intial estimates and
final settiement would cause a material charge or credit to the Income Statement in the next
financial year. During 2024, adjustments to trade spend accruals as at 31 December 2023, due to
‘changes in accounting estimates, resulted in a credit to net revenue of £77 milion (2023: £132
milion credit to net revenue),

Legal provisions:
The Group recognises legal provisions when the Group has 2 present legal or constructive
obligation as a result of past events; itis more likely than not that there will be an outflow of
resources to settle that obligation; and the amount can be reliably estimated. The level of
provisioning in relation to civil andjor criminal investigations is an area where management and.
legal judgement are important, with individual provisions being based on best estimates of the
possible loss, considering all available information, extemal advice and historical experience.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group recognised legal provisions of £112 million (2023: £137 million)
in relation to a number of historical regulatory and other matters in various jurisdictions

2 Operating Segments
The Group's operating segments comprise the Hygiene, Health and Nutrition business units
reflecting the way in which information is presented to and reviewed by the Group's Chief
Operating Decision Maker (CODM) for the purposes of making strategic decisions and assessing
Group-wide performance.

The CODM is the Group Executive Committee. This Committee is responsible for the
implementation of strategy (approved by the Board), the management of risk (delegated by the
Board) and the review of Group operational performance and ongoing business integration.

The Group Executive Committee assesses the performance of these operating segments based
‘on net revenue from external customers and segment profit being adjusted operating profit.
intercompany transactions between operating segments are eliminated. Finance iacome and
expense are not allocated to segments, as each is managed on a centralised bass.

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

uawpe oper boverance nang statements Une ermaven

Reckitt Aral Repor and Accounts 2028 167

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

2 Operating Segments continued
The segment information for the operating segments for the year ended 31 December 2024 and 31
December 2023 is as follows:

‘Tne Company is domiciled in the UK. The split of net revenue from external customers and
rnon-current assets (other than equity instruments, deferred tax assets and retirement benefit
surplus assets) between the UK, the US (being the biggest country outside the country of domicile)
and that from all other countries is:

Adjusting
Heath nutrition teme allot
Year ended 31 December 2024 ‘om fm tm i us counties Total
im tm
Net revenue 6,140 5,882 2.147 = 14,169
Net revenue 386 16169
Depreciation and amortisation
(Note 98.10) (9) c89) (es) (25) (461 Goodwill and other intangible assets ism 17565
Operating profit 1a7s «699 401 (4050) 2,425 ‘Property, plant and equipment 203 2,385
Net finance expense (21 Other non-current receivables (excluding
rivative financial inter 1
Settee wamcten aioe, detvative financial instruments) 6 » 88 3
Income tax charge 72)
ue us Total
Net profi from continuing sees x s otal
operations 1432
Net revenue 386 ~~ S88 14607
‘Adjusting Goodwill and other intangible assets: 1903 9646 18,588
Hygiene Heath Natition  Reme Total
Year ended 31Decomt tn tm in en ‘im___ Property, plant and equipment 290 768 2399
Netreven was 6062210 —Tizor Other non-current receivables (excluding
set revenue derivative financial instruments) ez 18 92 2
Depreciation and amortisation (55)____(83) (98) 70)
Operating profit 1236 —~1680 a7 (842) 2.531 Major customers are typically large arocery chains, multiple retailers and e-commerce platforms
Net finance expense (130) _ The Group's customer base is dverse with no individual customer accounting for more than 10%
ee of net revenue (2023: no individual more than 10% of revenue).
Profit before income tax 201
Income tax charge (753) _ 3 Analysis of Net Operating Expenses
Net profit from continuing 2024 2023
operations 1648 £m fm
Distibution costs! 537) 3703
Financial information forthe Hygiene, Health and Nutrition operating segmentsis presented onan Py es oo i
adjusted basis which excludes certain cash and non-cash items. These items have a pattern of tesearch and development costs (325) 37)
recognition thats largely uncorrelated withthe trading performance of the business Financial Other administrative expenses? (ara) 01382)
information on an adjusted basis is consistent with how management reviews the Business for the impairment of intangible assets? (3) io)

purpose of making operating decisions, Further detail on adjusting items, which includes in the
year to 31 December 2024 a £696 million impairment of IFCN intangible assets, £142 milion
impairment of Biofreeze intangible assets, restructuring and other project costs of £167 million
linked to the group strategic announcements in 2024, is included on page 226.

Other net operating income 5 3
Net operating expenses (6A70) (6.229)

1 nchidedincstribuioncostsis an amount of £2142 milion (2023: £2193 millon relating to marketing costs

2 Other amistaive expenses includes 2 net foreign exchange os of £13 milion (2023: 1s of £4 milion) and £167 mon
{2023 tr of restvcturog expenses

3 impatient of tang assets includes £838 milion esting to the ICN and itreeze businesses (2028 £810 miton goodwat
Inmpatment reiting to the FCN business). Fares detals can be foundin Note 9


Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

\yratepe eon wovemance  rnancarstaementt  uiner mrormacon

Reckitt Anal Report and Accounts 2024

168

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

4 Auditor Remuneration

During the year, the Group (including its overseas subsidiaries) obtained the following services

Staff numbers

‘The monthly average number of people employed by the Group, including Directors, during the

from the Company's Auditor and its associates: year was:
2028 2023 2023
fm én "000
‘Audit services pursuant to legislation North America 32
‘Audit of the Group's Annual Report and Financial Statements, 80 89 Europe/ANZ 142
‘Audit of the Financial Statements of the Group's subsidiaries m7 10S Rest of world 188 207
Audit-related assurance services 09, 09 379 404
Total audit and audit-related services 20.6 203
Fees payable to the Company's Auditor and its associates for other 6 Net Finance Expense
services 2008 2023
Otter assurance services 36 o4 = sm
Total non-audit services 36 ‘oa Finance income
24.2 30.7 Foreign exchange net gain on liquidation of subsidiaries - 130
Interest income on cash and cash equivalents 53 a
'5 Employee Costs Pension net finance income 5 8
Total employee costs, including those for Directors, were sinance income on tax balances 6 .
ote mt 2023 eign exchange gains on intercompany financing, net of hedging - 2
Wages and salaries 2,026 2ize Other finance income 8 10
Social security costs are ‘3g; Total finance income at 210
Other pension costs 23 63 60 Finance expense
Share-based payments 25 85 jo2__ Interest payable on borrowings (363) 295)
Total staff costs 2486 7569 Finance expense on tax balances - 22)
- Forward purchase agréement interest expense ry -
Executive and Non-Executive Directors’ aggregate emoluments are disclosed on pages 96-133 of interest payable on leases 03 1
the Directors’ Remuneration Report. Compensation awarded to key management (defined as the mane 03) oo
members of the Group Executive Committee and the Non-Executive Directors) was: Other finance expense (9) 9)
‘Total finance expense (402) (340)
2028 2023
‘ ‘tm Net finance expense 32) (30)
Short-term employee benefits 26 31 In 2023, as a result of the simplification of the Group's legal entity structure, a number of entities
Post-employment and other long-term benefits - = were liquidated. Upon liquidation, the curative foreign exchange reserves were recycled to the
Share-based payments 2 22. Income Statement, resuiting in a net foreign exchange gain of £130 milion
48 33


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
emoge por

Reekiet Annual Report and Accounts 2024

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

income Tax Expense

2o2a 2023

‘em ‘&m
Current tax 747 783
Adjustment in respect of prior periods (47) 22
Total current tax 700 805
Origination and reversal of temporary differences (30) e)
Impact of changes in tax rates 2 o
Total deferred tax (28) 2)
Income tax charge 672 753,

Current tax includes tax incurred by UK entities of £97 milion (2023: £108 million). This is comprised
Of UK corporation tax of £62 milion (2023: £63 million) and overseas tax suffered of £35 million
(2023: £45 milion). UK current tax is calculated at 25% (2023: 23.5%) of the estimated assessable
profit for the year, net of relief for overseas taxes where available. Taxation in other jurisdictions is

calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.

Cash tax pi

in the year was £700 milion (2023: £922 million), The variance from the current year
tax charge of £747 milion is attributable to movements on uncertain tax postions (shown in

Note 22) and timing differences arising between the accrual and payment of current income tax
liabilities and refunds received from taxing authorities in respect of previous periods.

Origination and reversal of temporary differences includes adjustments in respect of prior periods

Of £36 milion expense (2023: £11 million expense).

The total tax charge on the Group's profit for the year can be reconciled to the notional tax charge:

calculated at the UK tax rate as follows:

2028 2023
Continuing operations Em fm
Profit before income tax 2,104 2.407
Tax at the notional UK corporation tax rate of 25% (2023: 23.5%) 526 S64
Effect of

Overseas tax rates 8 43
Movement in provision related to uncertain tax positions (note 22) 14a) (50)
Net impact of divestments and assets reclassified to held for sale @ ©
Unrecognised tax losses, other unrecognised tax assets and deferred

tax liabilty on unremitted earnings 36 G4)
Withholding and local taxes 30 30
Reassessment of prior year estimates am 3B
Impact of changes in tax rates 2 1)
Non-taxable foreign exchange gain arising from legal entity

simplification (Note 6) - rep)
Non-deductible impairment of goodwill 7 190
Other permanent differences 583 5
Income tax charge 672 753

Our effective tax rate in any given financial year reflects a variety of factors that may not be

present in succeeding financial years and may be affected by variations in profit mix and changes

in tax laws, regulations and related interpretations,

‘The Group is within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two rules which took effect on 1 January 2024
The UK government substantively enacted legislation on 20 June 2023 that translated the Pillar
‘Two rules into UK law. The Company recorded a Pillar Two current tax expense of £1 million for

2024,

‘The Group has applied the temporary mandatory exception from accounting for deferred taxes
arising from the Pillar Two model rules as set out in International Tax Reform ~ Pillar Two Model

Rules (Amendments to IAS 12) issued by the IASB in May 2023,

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Yeatege repo eovernance rnancarstatemens vere rermaton

Reckitt Anns Repor and Accounts 2028 170

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

7 Income Tax Expense continued
The effect of overseas tax rates represents the impact of profits arising outside the UK that are
taxed at different rates to the UK rate. The UK tax rate increased from 19% to 25% on 1 April 2023.
23.5% represents the blended UK tax rate over the 12 month period to 31 December 2023

Withholding and local taxes suffered in the year are adjusted for previously accrued deferred tax
liabilities on unremitted earnings

The reassessment of prior year estimates includes settlements reached following conclusion of tax
authority review and differences between final tax return submissions and liabilities accrued in
these Financial Statements.

The 2023 and 2024 impact of non-deductible goodwill impaiment is attributable to IFCN.

UK deferred tax assets and liabilities have been calculated based on the substantively enacted
rate of 25% (2023: 25%)

We conduct business operations in a number of countries and are therefore subject to tax and
intercompany pricing laws in multiple jurisdictions, We have in the past faced, and may in the
future face, audits and challenges brought by tax authorities, and we are involved in ongoing tax
investigations in a number of countries. if material challenges were to be successful, our effective
tax rate may increase, we may be required to modify structures at significant costs to us, we may
also be subject to interest and penalty charges and we may incur costs in defending litigation or
teaching a settlement. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.

(On 19 September 2024, the Court of Justice of the European Union annulled the European
Commission's decision finding certain United Kingdom rules on the taxation of controlled foreign
‘companies (CFCs) to be State Aid incompatible with the internal market and set aside the
judgement of the General Court confirming that decision, The Group has therefore released the
‘uncertain tax position in respect of this matter.

The tax credited (charged) relating to components of other comprehensive income is as follows:

2008 2023
‘Tax (charge)
YereaR AMtertax. Beforetax aftertax
‘im. fm fm im
Net exchange (losses)/gains
‘on foreign currency translation (438) @) (442) 39) -
Reclassification of foreign
‘currency translation reserves
‘on disposals or liquidation of
foreign operations Oy - m3 - ce)
Gains/(losses) on cash flow
and net investment hedges 123 - 13 Oy 3
Remeasurement of defined
benefit pension plans
(Note 23) 3) - (13) 42) 6 26)
Revaluation of equity
instruments 27 me) co) - 00)
Other comprehensive
(@xpenseyincome (366) )__ 7 __@08) 5 603)
Current tax ~ ~
Deferred tax (Note 12) 6)
6)
‘The tax charged directly to the Statement of Changes in Equity during the year is as follows:
2028 2023
fm fm

Current tax = 1
- 1


‘Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84
\yrsegerepox | wovemance  rnanea statements ‘ukrerinformavon Reckitt Anal Report and Accounts 2028 171

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

8 Earnings Per Share 9 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
2023, Goodwit! Software Other Total
pence fm fm fm i
Basic earnings per share Cost
From continuing operations 208.2 2279 At January 2023, 4525 1036653278 26,492
From discontinued operations (0.6) 13 Additions - - 101 - 101
Total basic earnings per share 203.6 2292 Arising on business combinations - ” - 39 56
Diluted earings per share Disposals o - - - o
From continuing operations 203.8 2274 Reclassifications - - 4 - 4
From discontinued operations, (0.6) 13. Reclassifications to held for sale 0) - - - (aay
Total diluted earnings per share = 203.2 2287 Exchange adjustments (683)___(660) (5) (0252)
wast ‘At31 December 2023, 1387 10,393 753 —313_—25,276
asic :
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net income attributable to owners of the Adaitions - : 8 - *
Parent Company from continuing operations (2024: £1,430 million income, 2023: £1,634 milion Arising on business combinations - 2 1 - 3
income) and discontinued operations (2024: £4 milion expense; 2023: £9 milion income) by the Disposals - ® i) - 03)
‘weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year (2024: 700,386,007; Reclassifications 5 ® - o -
2023: 716,700,954).
Exchange adjustments ma) 4) 7 cen
Diluted ‘At31 December 2024 13,704 10,343 834 319 __ 25,200
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of shares ‘Accumulated amortisation and impairment
‘outstanding to assume conversion of all potentially dilutive ordinary shares. The Company has the
following categories of potentially dilutive ordinary shares: Executive Share Awards (including At 1 January 2023 379 5.427 335, 148 6,289
Executive Share Options and Executive Restricted Share Scheme Awards) and Employee Amortisation 20 - n 8 107
Sharesave Scheme Options. The options only dilute earnings when they result in the issue of shares Impairment - 10 2 - ai
at a value below the market price of the share and when all performance criteria (if applicable) Dispose
have been met as at the Balance Sheet date. As at 31 December 2024, there were 16,237,641 sposals o - - - o
(2023: 15,150,221) Executive Share Awards excluded from the dilution because the exercise price _—Reclassifications to held for sale «7 - - - co)
for the options was greater than the average share price for the year or the performance criteria Exchange adjustments (1) 42a) @ © __@a2)
have not been met ‘At 31 December 2023 305,815 ane 150 6,68
ect ‘amortisation a ~ 7” 8 708
numberof Impairment? M3696 - - 839
shares Disposals o - o - @
Ona basic basis 700,386,007 716700954 Exchange agjustments @ 0 6) 3 2
Dilution for Executive Share Awards 1.261552 1,368,088 at 31 December 2024 4676522485 7617635
Dilution for Employee Sharesave Scheme Options 94701 __214.492__ Netbook value
Ona dinted basis 701,742,260 _718.283534 at 31 December 2023, 13506 4,578 341 163 18,588

At31December 2024 33,237 3,821_ 349 158 17,565

1 cides impsiment of FCN and Blotreere. See AnmalImpsiment Review section below


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

‘yratepeepon  wovemance.  rnanearstatements  Uerer formaon

Rechte Anal Repor and Accounts 2028 172

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

9 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets continued

The amount stated for brands represents the fair value of brands acquired since 1985 at the date
Cf acquisition. Other includes product registration, cistribution rights, capitalised product
development costs and customer contracts

Software includes intangible assets under construction of £107 milion (2023: £88 milion).

The net book values of significant brand intangible assets acquired through business combinations,
ate as follows:

‘Acquisition 2oza 2023
‘Acquisition year én én
Mead Johnson Nutrition Company 2017 4,503 “4,480
SSL International 2oi0 1,790 1847
Boots Healthcare International 2006 1,363 1405
Adams Respiratory Therapeutics 2008 1,230 1210
Schiff Nutrition international 2012 1,050 1032
L&F Household 1994 846 834
Lanai Holdings 2021 sn 644
American Home Products Corporation 1990 440 439
Bristol-Myers Squibb OTC 2013 297 362
Ky 2014 280 280

The majority of brands, all of goodwill and certain other intangible assets are considered to have
indefinite ives (see Note 1) and therefore are subject to an annual impairment review. The MJN
global brand and acquired customer relationships are deemed to have a finite life and are
amortised accordingly. Amortisation is recognised in net operating expenses or cost of goods sold
depending on the use of the asset.

The net book values of indefinite and finite life intangible assets are as follows:

2028 2023
Netbook value fm ‘fm
Indefinite life assets

Brands 13,166 Bas
Goodwill 3,821 4578
Other ns 107
Total indefinite life assets 17,102 71800
Finite life assets

Brands n a”
Software 349, 341
Other 43 56
Total finite life assets 463 488,
Total net book value of intangible assets 1756518588

Cash Generating Units
Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are allocated to either individual cash
generating units (CGUs), or groups of cash generating units (together GCGUs). The goodwill and
intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment at the level at which identifiable
Cash inflows are largely independent. Generally, this is at @ GCGU level, but for certain intangible
assets this is at a CGU level

After considering all the evidence available, including how brand and production assets generate
Cash inflows and how management monitors the business, the Directors have concluded that for
the purpose of impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets, the Group's GCGUs are
Health, Hygiene and IFCN

‘An analysis of the net book vaive of indefinite life assets and goodwill by GCGU/CGU is shown below:

2024
Tndafinive

MWe assets Total
sccuccu ‘fm ‘im
Health? 6.981 3776 10,757
Hygiene 1828 45 1873
FCN 4are - 4are
13,281 3,821 702

2023
Goodwitt Total
secuiccu Em em
Health? 3.849 7107
Hygiene 45, 1889
IECN 684 S104
13522 4578 78,100
1 indefinite lived intangibeattts ana good for VMS anc good for Boren, wee ansfeced tothe Meath GCGU in 2023
2024 2023
Indefinite life assets excluding goodwill fm ‘&m
Intimate Weliness 2,083 2143)
Biofreeze 481 63


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

‘yratoge pot overance. mane statement Uener formaton

Reckitt Anus! Report and Accounts 2024 173

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

9 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets continued

Annual Impairment Review

Goodwill and other indefinite life intangible assets must be tested for impairment on at least an
‘annual basis. An impairment loss is recognised when the recoverable amount of a GCGU or CGU
falls materially below its net book value at the date of testing.

The determination of recoverable amount, being the higher of value-in-use and fair value less
costs to dispose, is inherently judgemental and requires management to make multiple estimates,
for example around individual market pressures and forces, future price and volume growth, future
‘margins, terminal growth rates-and discount rates.

‘When forecasting the annual cash flows that support the recoverable amount, the Group generally
ses its short-term budgets and medium-term strategic plans, with additional senior management
‘and Board-level review. Cash flows beyond the five-year period are projected using terminal
growth rates. These rates do not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the products and
markets in which the GCGU or CGU operates.

The cash flows are discounted back to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate considered
‘appropriate for each GCGU and CGU. These rates have been derived from management's views
‘on the relevant weighted average cost of capital, subsequently converted to the pre-tax”
‘equivalent discount rate.

For the Health and Hygiene GCGUs, and the Intimate Wellness CGU, as at 31 December 2024 any
reasonably possible change in the key valuation assumptions would not imply possible impairment.
The recoverable amount for each of these GCGUs and CGU was determined utilising the value-in-
‘use basis (2023: value- in-use basis) with key assumptions including a pre-tax discount rate of 9%
for Health, Hygiene and Intimate Wellness (2023: 11% for Health, Hygiene and Intimate Wellness),
and a terminal growth rate of either 2.5% for Health, Intimate Wellness and Biofreeze (2023: 2.5%),
(or 2% for Hygiene and IFCN (2023: 2%)

ICN
Since the disposal of the IFCN China business in September 2021, the IFCN CGU has represented.
the Group's remaining IFCN business principally in North America, Latin America and ASEAN. In
impairment assessments conducted in both 2021 and 2022, management determined that the
recoverable amount of IFCN was higher than its carrying value such that no impairment was.
required.

During 2023 the market environment for IFCN continued to be influenced by the infant formula
supply shortages in the US which resulted from the temporary closure of a major factory belonging
to a competitor. The infant formula supply shortages have resulted in an evolving regulatory
environment, which developed over the course of 2023 and 2024. Compliance with enhanced
regulatory requirements is expected to increase the capital requirement for the IFCN business and
to impact the cost of manufacture in future periods.

In 2023, as a result of these regulatory factors and to incorporate the effect of higher interest
rates, management increased the pre-tax discount rate used to determine the value-in-use of the
IFCN CGU. This resulted in the IFCN net book value exceeding its recoverable amount, and so
‘management recorded an impairment loss against IFCN goodwill of £810 milion,

During 2024, management further developed their response tothe changing regulatory
tenvronment and to provide greater reslience to the supply network which now includes
significantly more capital expenditure and the accelerated replacement of capital equipment. Tis
capital investment programme over the next five years includes the delivery of replacement Spray
dryer capacity

‘This resuted inthe IFCN net book value exceeding its recoverable amount, therefore management
has recorded an impairment loss against FCN goodwil of £6%6 milion to record the IFCN CGU at
its recoverable amount of £3,890 milion

The recoverable amount for IFCN has been calculated on a value-in-use basis (2023: value-in-use
basis). The value-in-use of IFCN was determined utilising a discounted cash flow approach with
future cash flows derived from a detailed five-year financial plan. Cash flows beyond the five-year
plan are projected using a terminal growth rate. The valuation used a pre-tax discount rate of 1%
(2023: 11%) and an IFCN specific terminal growth rate of 2.0% (2023: 2.0%).

The determination of the recoverable amount for IFCN at 31 December 2024 incorporates certain
key assumptions, some of which are subject to considerable uncertainty. These assumptions
include but are not limited the costs of complying with the evolving regulatory landscape,
‘execution of the capital programme, ongoing resilience risk within the supply network, net
revenue growth rates, the commercial success of new product launches and the expansion of
speciality nutrition. The value in use does not include any possible net cash outflows in respect of
current and future NEC litigation (note 20). As no headroom exists between the IFCN recoverable
‘amount and net book value, any changes to these assumptions, or any deterioration in other macro
‘0r business-level assumptions supporting the IFCN recoverable amount could necessitate the
recognition of impairment losses in future periods

The key assumptions used in the estimation of value-in-use of IFCN are outlined below:

2026
Pre-tax discount rate 1%
Terminal growth ate 2.0%
Net revenue compound annual growth rate (CAGR) forthe period 2024-2029" 3.2%
Gross margin CAGR for the period 2024-2029" 27%

2023
Pretax discount rate 71.0%
Terminal growth ate 20%
Net revenue compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for the period 2023-2028"? 15%
Gross margin CAGR for the period 2023-2028? 2.2%

1 These nave been determined on a constant Fx bass
2 The net everve CAGR othe period 2024-2028 is cca 4%, folowing rebasing of Nutiton net revenue 2024
5 The gross margin CAGR forthe period 2024-2028 cca 5%


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Yeatege repo eowernance nnancal statements uxher nermavon

Reckit Annual Report and Accounts 2024 174

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

9 Goodwill and Other intangible Assets continued
IFCN continued .

The key estimates incorporated within the determination of the IFCN recoverable amount are
summarised below:
Key estimates
Capital expenditure

Commentary

‘A significant capital investment programme has commenced to meet
regulatory requirements and to build greater resilience in the wider supply
network.

In the US, management expects birth rates to be relatively stable.
Tendering for WIC contracts continues to be highly competitive but
management expects this to remain stable.

Within LATAM and ASEAN, management expects conditions to stabilise
after recent inflationary price increases,

{In the short to medium term, the valuation model assumes a five-year
CAGR of 32%. This is expected to be achieved through ongoing
premiumisation, inflationary price increases and revenues from new
products/category launches including the expansion of speciality nutrition,
In the short to medium term, the valuation model assumes IFCN margins
(both gross and operating) decline marginally as the capital expenditure
programme is delivered. In the long term these are expected to return to
more normalised levels

Management determined an IFCN-specific weighted average cost of
capital (WACC) and the implied pre-tax discount rate with the support of
a third-party expert. In addition, management performed benchmarking
against other comparable companies. The specific risk premium reflects
the risk associated with the delivery of the capital investment programme
over the next five years and the continued impact of the evolving
regulatory environment

Management engaged a third-party expert to help calculate an IFCN-specific
terminal growth rate. Management is satisfied with the reasonableness of the
terminal growth rate when compared against independent market growth
projections and long-term country inflation rates.

Market

Net revenue

Margins

Discount rate

Terminal growth rate

The table below shows the sensitivity of the recoverable amount to reasonably possible changes
in key assumptions. The table assumes no related response by management (for example, to drive
further cost savings) and is hence theoretical in nature.

2028

fm
Expected net revenue growth rates (2025 to 2029) adjusted by 100bps +475)-460
Expected EBIT growth rates (2025 to 2029) adjusted by 100bps 4220/-215
Terminal growth rate (applied from 2030) adjusted by SObps ++330/-280

Pre-tax discount rate adjusted by SObps +280/-250

‘The inclusion of a further £200 milion of capital expenditure in the value- in-use model, without any
associated improvements in gross margin, would result in an additional impairment of £154 mition.

2023

im
Expected net revenue growth rates (2024 to 2028) adjusted by 100bps *+410)-400
Expected EBIT growth rates (2024 to 2028) adjusted by 100bps | #220/-210
Terminal growth rate (applied from 2029) adjusted by SObps +290)-250
Pre-tax discount rate adjusted by SObps 4270/-240

Biofreeze
On 12 July 2021, the Group acquired 100% of the equity interests in Lanai Holdings, owner of the
Biofreeze and TheraPearl brands, for cash consideration of $7,060 million (£766 milion) Biofreeze

is a leader in over-the-counter topical pain relief, with a strong footprint in the North America retail
and clinical channels and a growing international presence.

During 2022, Biofreeze performed below expectations following a short-term category
slowdown, in part due to macroeconomic conditions. This underperformance, together with the
macroeconomic environment, introduced additional uncertainty into future Biofreeze cash flows.
To reflect this uncertainty, management increased the pre-tax discount rate used to determine
value-in-use to 12.0%. This resulted in the book value of the Biofreeze CGU exceeding its
recoverable amount at 31 December 2022, therefore in 2022 management recorded a goodwill
impairment of £152 millon to record Biofreeze at its recoverable amount of £698 milion

($843 millon). Following this impairment, at 31 December 2022 no headroom remained
between the Biofreeze recoverable amount and net book value,

During the second half of 2023, the integration of Biofreeze into the Health business was
completed. Following ths integration, Biofreeze goodwill is monitored at the Health GCGU level
and Biofreeze goodwill has accordingly been transferred to the Health GCGU. An impairment
review of the Biofreeze CGU inclusive of goodwill was performed immediately prior to the transfer
of the goodwil, with this review performed as at 30 September 2023. Biofreeze goodwill was,
deemed recoverable immediately prior to transfer to the Health GCGU.

During 2024, Biofreeze performed below expectations following a reduction in the level of displays
present in the category, competitive pressure from both private label and branded competitors
as well as new entrants to the market. Ths resulted in Biofreeze net book value exceeding its
recoverable amount at 31 December 2024, therefore management has recorded an impairment
against the brand intangibles of £142 milion ($178 milion) to record Biofreeze at its recoverable
‘amount of £531 millon ($664 milion), The recoverable amount for the Biofreeze CGU has been
determined on a value-in-use basis using a discounted cash flow approach, with future cashflows
derived from a detailed five-year plan. Cash flows beyond the five-year plan have been projected
Using a terminal growth rate of 2.5% (2023: 25%)

‘The determination of the recoverable amount for Biofreeze in the 2024 impairment assessment
incorporates certain key assumptions, some of which are subject to considerable uncertainty
These assumptions include but are not limited to anticipated market share improvement, the
Commercial success of new product launches and international market expansion

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘yeatope pot wovemance.  rnaneat statements Urner tormacon

Reckit Ana! Report and Accounts 2024

17s

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

9 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets continued’
Biofreeze continued

The key assumptions used in the estimation of value-in-use of Biofreeze at 31 December 2024 are
outlined below.

December
‘2024
Pre-tax discount rate 1%
Terminal growth rate 25%
Net revenue compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for the period 2024-2029 8%
Gross margin CAGR for the period 2024-2029 8%

The key estimates incorporated within the determination of the Biofreeze recoverable amount in
2024 are summarised below:

Key estimates Commentary

Net revenue In the short to medium term, the valuation model assumes a five-year
CAGR of 8%, to be delivered through category growth and market share
‘growth driven by a mix of innovation arising from format expansion of
existing products and international expansion.

Margins In the short to medium term, the valuation model assumes Biofreeze
‘margins (both gross and operating) to increase from current levels as
Biofreeze benefits from productivity initiatives on integrating into Reckitt

Discount rate Management determined the Biofreeze-specific weighted average cost of
capital (WACC) and the implied pre-tax discount rate with the support of
a third-party expert. For valuation purposes management used the
‘mid-point of the calculated range to reflect uncertainty in certain key
assumptions.

Terminal growth rate Management is satisfied with the reasonableness of the terminal growth
rate when compared against independent market growth projections and
long-term country inflation rates.

The table below shows the sensitivity of the recoverable amount to reasonably possible changes
in key assumptions. The table assumes no related response by management (for example, to drive
further cost savings) and hence is theoretical in nature.

a1December
2028

&m

Expected net revenue growth rates (2025 to 2029) adjusted by 100bps +45/-40
Expected EBIT growth rates (2025-2020) adjusted by 100bps 430/25,
Terminal growth rate (applied from 2030) adjusted by SObps +45)-40

Pre-tax discount rate adjusted by SObps +45/-40

10 Property, Plant and Equipment

Plantand —Rightof _Assetsund
buildings equipment useassets construction Total
em fm ‘im ‘em em
Cost
[At January 2023, yop 2368580 3044751
Adcitions B 38 56 301408
Disposals . a7 8) 3) © (ea
Reclasifications (including held forsale) 92 231 " CO)
Exchange adjustments G4) 6) ) am ___c3
‘At31 December 2023 1.463 2,530 567 329
‘Additions 34 52 70 266 ~—~C«A22
Disposals 23) (00) 57) - (80)
Reclassifications (including held forsale) 66 196 - (242) 20
Exchange adjustments Gs) 8) (Om)
‘At 31 December 2024 1505 2.615564 348 5,032
‘Accumulated depreciation and impairment
‘At January 2023 5561s 208 5 2278
Charge for the year 68 9 9% - 368
Disposals (6) 42) 2) - (66)
Impaiement 4 4 - - 8
Reclassifications (including held forsale) 0) ® - - ©
Exchange adjustments a) @ M9)
‘At 31 December 2023 5951628263 42,490
Charge for the year 6202 85 ~ 358
Disposals a = oD) - 046)
Impairment 3 3 - 2 8
Reclassifications (including held for
sale) 0) 8 - 2 °
Exchange adjustments (i)__(42) ® - 6)
‘At31 December 2024 6341708 —-297 82,687
Net book value
‘Asat 31 December 2023 868 902,308 325 2,399
Asat 31December 2024 an 907___—267 340__2,385


eckit Anal Report and Accounts 2024

6

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

10 Property, Plant and Equipment continued

‘At 31 December 2024, the Group's right of use assets included land and buildings of £232 million
(2023: £276 million) and other assets of £35 million (2023: £28 milion). The depreciation charged on
the right of use assets comprises £71 milion (2023: £82 milion) on the land and buildings and

£14 millon (2023: £14 millon) on the other assets.

‘At 31 December 2024, the Group has commitments to purchase property plant and equipment

(of £70 millon (2023: £69 milion).

TEquity Instruments

2024
Farvalue farvalve Tairvalve
‘through through ather ‘through
Equity profitor comprehensive Equity profit
method loss Total_method —rloss Towa
em fm fm Em fm em
Equity
investments - 37 1 108 - 45 0 on4
Investments
in associates - : = - 4 - - 4
= 57 51108 4 45 18

Equity investments at 31 December 2024 and 2023 is composed of a number of listed and unlisted
equity investments in which the Group has a minority stake.

In 2024, equity investments includes investments of £57 million (2023: £45 milion) principally in
equity mutual funds which are made in the name of the Group, but the proceeds of which are
provided to employees as part of their compensation arrangements.

The Group also holds a number of individually immaterial investments in associates over which it
exercises a significant influence. In 2024, there are no impairments and gains or losses associated
with equity accounted investments that are less than £1 million,

12 Deferred Tax
Accelerated Short-term Retirement
‘apital Intangible temporary Denefit
allowances "assets differences Taxlosses obligations Total
Deterredtax fm fm em fm, im =m
‘At January 2024 0) BN) sn oa © @ee)
(Charged) | credited to
the income Statement 18) » 46 (3) ©. 28
Creditedj(charged) to
other comprehensive
income - - ) - - ©)
Exchange differences ) (8) o - @
‘At3i December 2024 (83) (3,090)_——«534 45 (2) (2,606)
Short-term Retirement
Intangible temporary benefit
allowances" assets differences losses obligations. «Total
2028 fm fm fm im fm im
Deferred tax assets 8 @ 197 “4 W 243
Deferred tax tabi (on 3,063) 337 1 (23) _ (2,849)
Deferred tax (83) (3,090) 534 45 (2) (2,606)
Accelerated Retirement
capital Intangible Tax benefit
siiowances assets e808 obligations Total
Deterred tax fm fm im fm fm
‘At danuary 2023 4) <Gara)—«SOB 46 (4) (2.793)
Creditedj(charged) to the
Income Statement 9) n 39 » ) 52
Creditedjicharged) to
other comprehensive
income - - m - % 5
‘Arising on business
‘combinations - - o - - o
Exchange differences 4 uae. 9) o o 2S
‘At 31 December 2023 (COMMEND sn 64 © @ee


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘nistepe tepor | uovernce rea atements tne ormaton Reckitt Ano! Report and Accounts 2028177
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
12 Deferred Tax continued 13 Inventories
Accelerated shor Reticomer 2006 2003
‘capital Intangible ter benefit fm im
2028 stewart em eter, “Unies, Cela "tm Raw materials and consumables 359 401
Deferred tax assets 6 G8) a8? oe 10287 Work inpprogress a a2
Deferred tax liabilities (7) _(3.083)___274 2 (16) _ (2.899) Finished goods and goods held for resale 3071 1s4
Deferred tax 0) Bey Sn 64 ©2612) _Totalinventories 1817 1637

Deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset where they relate to income taxes levied by
the same taxation authority, Deferred tax on short-term temporary differences of £534 million
(2023: £511 millon) are comprised of accrued expenses deductible for tax on a cash basis of £362
million (2023: £404 milion), other short-term temporary differences of £205 milion (2023: £140
million) and net of deferred tax liabilities on unremitted earnings of £33 milion (2023: £33 million).

Unrecognised deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets on certain corporation tax losses and other short-term temporary differences
totalling £4,738 million gross (2023: £4,734 million gross) have not been recognised at 31 December
2024 as the likelihood of future economic benefit is not sufficiently assured. These assets will be
recognised if utiisation of the losses and other temporary differences become probable

Unrecognised deferred tax liabilities
The aggregate amount of gross temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,

branches and associates and interest in joint ventures, for which deferred tax liabilities have not
been recognised at 31 December 2024 is £7,405 million (2023: £7,833 milion).

The total cost of inventories recognised as an expense and inciuded in cost of sales amounted to
£5,324 million (2023: £5,577 million). Ths includes inventory write-offs and losses of £112 million
(2023: £1 milion)

The Group inventory provision at 31 December 2024 was £153 milion (2023: £108 milion),
14 Trade and Other Receivables

2024 2023
“Amounts falling due withinone year Note &m &m
Trade receivables 1,783 17a
Less: Provision for impairment of receivables 33) fen)
Trade receivables - net 1,750 1708
Other receivables 4b 268 266
Prepayments and accrued income 123 a
Trade and other receivables 2,091 2,062
The carrying amounts of the Group's trade and other receivables are denominated in the
following currencies

2024 2023
Currency analysis Em ‘&m
US dollar 616 575
Euro 283 302
Sterling 169 73
Brazilian real v2 170
Other currencies i 842
Trade and other receivables 2,091 2,062

The maximum exposure to credit risk at the year end is the carrying value of each class of
receivable mentioned above.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Suswepetepot | uovernence "reac sttements Ure somaton - Recht Ann Repor snd Accounts 2026178

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

14 Trade and Other Receivables continued ¢. Other non-current receivables

a. Trade receivables Other non-current receivables consists of:

Trade receivables consist of amounts due from customers. The Group's customer base is large 2028 aaa

‘and diverse and consequently there is limited concentration of credit risk. Credit riskis assessed fm fm

at a subsidiary and Group level and takes into account the financial positions of customers, past hor wocelvabl 7

experience, future expectations and other relevant factors. Individual credit limits are established tne" receivables 63

based on those factors. Prepayments a 20

The following table provides an ageing analysis of trade receivables at year end Non-current tax recoverable 28 30

. aoa Detvative financial instruments w 50

on ‘im Other non-current receivables 130 m7

Not overdue 1514 1455, Financial instruments (Note 15)

Up to 3 months overdue ay 250 at 31 December 2024, £1,853 million (2023: £1,836 million) of the current and non-current

Over 3 months overdue 50 36. receivables totalling £2,221 milion (2023: £2,234 milion) are financial assets. These mainly related

‘rade recelvabler 7783 yar tO amounts owed from customers or government bodies and are typically non-interest Dearing

‘At 31 December 2024, a provision of £33 million (2023: £36 million) was recorded against certain
trade receivables based on a forward-looking assessment of the lifetime expected credit loss as
required by IFRS 9, This assessment considered the ageing profiles of specific trade receivable
balances along with the risk of future customer defaults.

As at 31 December 2024, trade receivables of £236 milion (2023: £250 million) were past due but
not impaired. These receivables were not impaired because having considered their nature and.
historical collection, recovery of the unprovided amounts is expected in due course.

b. Other receivables
Other receivables includes recoverable indirect tax of £186 million (2023: £187 million)

‘Amounts that are not financial assets are mostly prepayments, recoverable sales tax and employee
benefit assets.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84 echt hr opr a woe We
‘yratege report teoverance. mane statements okra tormavon itt AnnualReport and Accounts 2026

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management
Financial instruments by category

A 21December 2024 At 21 December 2023
Derivatives Farvalue Derivatives farvalve —_throughther
Amonised —""usedtor though profit canying amortized Urea for comprehensive
cost riers valve tot cont heaping income
tm em tm tm ‘em tn
‘Assets as per the Balance Sheet
Current and non-current trade and other
receivables ves 1853 - - - ass 836 - - - 1836
Derivative financial instruments
FX forward exchange contracts ” - 30 3 - a 48 6 - 6a
Cross currency interest rate swaps ” - ” - - ” - 50 - - 50
Equity instruments n - - 87 51 108 - 45 ° 4
Cash and cash equivalents % 80 - - - 801387 - - = 1387
Liabilities as per the Balance Sheet
Current and non-current trade and other payables 28,050 - - = 5080 5.278 - - - 32%
Share repurchase lability 24 a7 - - - 477 296 - - - 296
Borrowings (loans, overdrafts and other non-current
borrowings) v 187 - - - 187 43 - - - 43
Lease liabilities v 300 - - - 300 327 - - - 327
Senior notes v 4307 - - - 130782 - - - ave
Bonds 7 6302 - - - 630246875 - - - 6875
Commercial paper ” 592 - - - sez - - - - -
Derivative financial instruments
FX forward exchange contracts ” - » - 38 - 20 se - 78
Interest rate swaps ” - 158 - - 158 - 15 - - 15
Cross currency interest rate swaps 0 - 6 - : 8 - a : : n

1 The categories in this islosure ave determined by IFRS 9. Lease labities are ouside the scape of F8S9, but they remain within the scope of IFRS 7. an therefore have been shown separately
The fair value measurement hierarchy levels have been defined as follows:
+ Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1)

+ Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (ie. a8 prices) or indirectly (ie. derived from prices) (level 2). If all significant inputs
required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2

+ Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (ie. unobservable inputs) (level 3)

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘image repan | ovemance  rnancarstatementt ine mrermaton

Reckit AnnualReport and Accounts 2024 180

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management continued
The following table categorises the Group's financial assets and liabilities held at fair value by the
valuation methodology applied in determining their fair value.

Ats1Decomber 2024 Ats1December 2023
Levelt Level? Level3 Total Level Level? Level
Em tm em fm fm fm em
Assets as per the
jalance Sheet
Derivative financial
instruments,
Fx forward exchange
contracts - 4 - 6 - 6a - 6a
Cross currency interest
rate swaps - 40 - 40 a) a)
Equity instruments 257 HRS
abilities as per the
Balance Sheet
Derivative financial
instruments
FX forward exchange
contracts - 38 - 38 - -
Interest rate swaps - 158 - 158 - 15 - 18
Cross currency interest
rate swaps = 5 - 45 ee - 2

The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts was determined using forward exchange
rates derived from market sourced data at the Balance Sheet date, with the resulting value
discounted back to present value (level 2 classification). The fair value of the interest rate swap
contracts and the cross currency interest rate swaps was Calculated using discounted future cash
flows at floating market rates (level 2 classification.

The fair value of equity instruments at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023 was determined
Using quoted share price information (level 1 classification), other observable market data (level 2
Classification) and other non-market information (level 3 classification),

Except for the bonds and senior notes, the carrying values of other financial assets and liabilities
held at amortised cost approximate their fair values. The fair value of the bonds as at 31 December
2024 isa lability of £6,189 milion (2023: £6,788 million) and the fair value of the senior notes as at
31 December 2024 is a liability of £1191 million (2023: £1,203 milion), The fair value of the bonds and
‘senior notes was derived using quoted market rates in an active market (level 1 classification).

Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities
The majority of the Group's derivative agreements are entered into under International Swaps and
Derivatives Association (ISDA) master netting agreements. In certain circumstances - for example,
when a credit event such as a default occurs - all outstanding transactions under the agreement
are terminated, the termination value is assessed and only a single net amount is payable in
settlement of all transactions.

The ISDA agreements do not meet the criteria for offsetting in the statement of financial position.
This is because the Group does not currently have any legally enforceable right to offset
recognised amounts, because the right to offset is enforceable only on the occurrence of future
events such as a default event,

The following table sets out the carrying amounts of recognised financial instruments that are
subject to the above agreements,

Related finane
Instrumente that

are not offset Net amount

At 21December 2024 im ‘em

Financial assets
Derivative financial instruments 7 fe) 46
Financial liabilities

Derivative financial instruments am 31 (180)
Gross amounts of
rised financial Related financial
slablitesin Instruments that
the Balance Sheet arent offset Net amount
‘At 31December 2023 ‘em fm em
Financial assets
Derivative financial instruments m4 9) Hy
Financial liabilities
Derivative financial instruments (265) 39 (226)


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘yratege reper wovernance naaneis statements oinermormaton

Rechte Anal Report and Accounts 2024 181

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management continued

Financial risk management
The Group's multinational operations expose it to a variety of financial risks that include the effects
of changes in foreign currency exchange rates (foreign exchange risk), market prices, interest
rates, credit risks and liquidity. The Group has in place a risk management programme that uses
foreign currency financial instruments, including debt, and other instruments, to limit the impact of
‘these risks on the financial performance of the Group.

The Group's financing and financial rsk management activities are centralised into Group Treasury
(G1) to achieve benefits of scale and control. GT manages financial exposures of the Group
centrally ina manner consistent with underlying business risks. GT manages only those risks and
flows generated by the underlying commercial operations; speculative transactions are not
undertaken.

‘The Board of Directors reviews and agrees policies, guidelines and authority levels for all areas of
Treasury activity and individually approves significant activities. The GT function is subject to
periodic independent reviews and audits, both internal and external

1. Market risk

(@) Currency risk
‘The Group operates internationally and enters into transactions in many currencies and as such is
exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from various currency exposures. Foreign exchange risk
arises from future commercial transactions, recognised assets and liabilities and net investments,
in foreign operations,

The Group's policy is to align interest costs and operating profit ofits major currencies in order to
provide some protection against the translation exposure on foreign currency profits after tax. The
Group may undertake borrowings and other hedging methods in the currencies of the countries.
where most of its assets are located

Itis the Group's policy to monitor and, where appropriate, hedge its foreign currency transaction
exposure. These transaction exposures arise mainly from foreign currency receipts and payments
for goods and services and from the remittances of foreign currency dividends and loans. Where
the Group enters into hedges and applies hedge accounting, hedges are documented and tested
for effectiveness on an ongoing basis with any ineffectiveness recorded in the Income Statement.
The focal business units enter into forward foreign exchange contracts with GT to manage these
exposures where practical and allowed by local regulations. GT matches the Group exposures, and
hedges the position where possible, using spot and forward foreign currency exchange contracts.
The Group's strategy is to minimise Income Statement volatility by monitoring foreign currency
balances, external financing, and external hedging arrangements. The Group's hedging profile is
‘regularly reviewed to ensure itis appropriate and to mitigate these risks as far as possible.

The notional principal amount of the outstanding forward foreign exchange contracts at 31
December 2024 was £7,565 milion receivable (2023: £8,426 milion) and £7,546 millon payable
(2023: £8,440 million).

‘These forward foreign exchange contracts are mainly expected to mature over the period
January 2025 to December 2025 (2023: January 2024 to December 2024).

Cash flow hedging is applied with the economic relationship and expected effectiveness being
assessed at inception, with any ineffectiveness recognised in the Income Statement. The
ineffective portion recognised in the Income Statement arising from cash flow hedges is
immaterial (2023: immaterial

Gains and losses recognised in other comprehensive income and the hedging reserve on forward
‘exchange contracts in 2024 of £38 milion gain, net of tax (2023: £39 milion loss, net of tax) are
recognised in the Income Statement in the periods in which the hedged forecast transaction
affects the Income Statement

‘At31 December 2024, the Group had forward contracts used for cash flow hedging with total fair
value of £14 million asset (2023: £1 milion liability). These contracts are denominated in a diverse
range of currency pairings, where a fluctuation of 5% in any one of the contract pairings, with all
others remaining constant, would have a maximum effect of £4 million (2023: £4 million) on
shareholder equity, unti the point at which the contracts mature and the forecast transaction
‘occurs. The four largest contract pairings in order of nominal value were British pound sterling
‘euro, US dollar/Thai baht, euro/Australian dollar and euro/Canadian dollar.

Where the Group is exposed to currency risk on its borrowings, the Group seeks to minimise the
impact of foreign exchange on the Income Statement through placing debt within a net
investment hedge or using financial instruments,

The net gain or loss under these arrangements is recognised in other comprehensive income. The
net effect on other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2024 was a

£85 million gain (2023: £42 milion gain). If Sterling weakens by $% against the US dollar and euro,
the maximum impact on shareholders’ equity due to the net investment hedging on US dollar
forward currency swap contracts and euro bond/forward currency swaps would be £20 million
loss and £96 milion loss respectively (2023: £20 milion loss and £101 milion loss respectively).

In 2020, the Group issued a €850 milion bond due in 2026. Concurrent with the issue of the bond,
the Group entered into 3 €850 million cross currency interest rate swap on similar terms to the
2026 bond to mitigate foreign exchange currency risk, for which hedge accounting has been
applied. Sources of ineffectiveness on this hedge relationship will come from a difference in credit
ratings between the counterparties.

In 2023, the Group issued a €650 million bond due in 2028 and a €750 million bond due in 2033.
Concurrent with the issue of these bonds, the Group also entered into a cross currency interest
rate swap on similar terms to the 2028 bond and the 2033 bond, to mitigate foreign exchange
currency risk, for which hedge accounting has been applied. Sources of ineffectiveness on these
hedge relationships will come from a difference in credit ratings between the counterparties and
‘modifications to the terms of either hedged item or instrument. At 31 December 2024 no material
ineffectiveness (2023: no material ineffectiveness) has been recognised in the Income Statement.
The interest rate element of the swap is discussed in interest rate risk below.


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

emege report overnance rmancirstatemens Uaner mormaton

Reckitt Aral Repor and Accounts 2024 182

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management continued
Financial risk management continued
1. Market risk continued

(@) Currency risk continued
The remaining major monetary financial instruments (liquid assets, receivables, interest and
non-interest-bearing liabilities) are either denominated in the functional currency of the Group
(or the functional currency of the local entity

In 2024, the Group issued two new bonds comprising of a €900 million and £300 million bonds due
‘to expire in June 2029 and December 2032 respectively. The bonds were issued as part of
refinancing repayment of the $2 billion bond in June 2024. The bonds carry fixed interest rates of
3.625% and 5.000% respectively. No hedging instruments were issued in relation to these bonds,

‘Te gains and losses from fair value movements on derivatives held at fair value through profit or
loss, recognised in the Income Statement in 2024, was a £63 milion loss (2023: £109 miion loss).
‘These derivatives are used to hedge foreign exchange gains and losses on non-stering financing
assets and financing abilties between the Group's treasury company and fellow Group subsidiaries.

(b) Cost inflation risk
Due to the nature of its business the Group is exposed to commodity, freight and other inflation
fisks, Short-term volatility in pricing of these products is mitigated through medium-term
contracts, inventories of key materials and financial hedging. Over the medium and long term,
the Group mitigates the impact of inflation through: implementing pricing and revenue growth
‘management; identifying productivity and efficiency opportunities; and improving sales mix.

(6) Interest rate risk
The Group has both interest-bearing and non-interest bearing assets and liabilities. The Group
‘monitors its interest income and expense rate exposure on a regular basis. The Group sets its
desired level of fixed and floating rate exposure as part of its interest risk management strategy.
The mix of fixed and floating exposure on interest-bearing assets or abilities is managed by
Using a mixture of fixed and floating rate deposits, borrowings and interest rate derivatives.

In 2020 the Group issued two €850 milion bonds due in 2026 and 2030. in order to maintain a level
Of floating rate debt in ine with the Group's interest management strategy the Group entered into
‘2 €850 million cross currency interest rate swap on similar terms to the 2026 bond and an interest
rate swap on the coupon payments due on the 2030 bond. The accounting for the foreign
‘exchange element of the cross currency swap is described above. The interest rate element
‘swaps the fixed coupon payments on the bond for floating rate (the cross currency interest rate
‘swap with reference to adjusted reference rates following GBP LIBOR cessation, and the interest
rate swap with reference to EURIBOR). The interest rate swans have been placed into a fair value
hedge relationship with the related bonds.

During 2023, the Group entered into a £747 millon nominal value floating-to-fixed interest rate
‘swap due in 2026 to reduce the level of exposure to foating interest rates. Ths interest rate
‘swap has been designated as a cash flow hedge against the payments made on the floating
leg of the Group's existing cross currency interest rate swap. Sources of ineffectiveness on this
hedge relationship may come from a difference in credit ratings between the counterparties
and modifications to the terms of either the hedged item or the hedging instrument

‘At 31 December 2024 no material ineffectiveness has been included in the Income Statement.

|n 2023 the Group issued a €650 milion bond due in 2028 and a €750 million bond due in 2033. In
‘order to maintain a level of fixed or floating rate debt inline with the Group's interest management
strategy the Group entered into €650 milion of cross currency interest rate swaps on similar terms
to the 2028 bond and €750 million cross currency interest rate swaps on similar terms to the 2033
‘bond. The accounting for the foreign exchange and interest rate element of the cross currency
‘swaps have been described above.

‘On the €650 milion bond due in 2028, the cross currency interest rate swaps the fixed euro
‘coupon payments on the bond for fixed GBP payments. On the €750 million bond due in 2033,
the cross currency interest rate swap swaps the fixed coupon payments on the bond for a GBP
floating rate (with reference to SONIA) payments. The €650 million cross currency interest rate
swap has been placed into a cash flow hedge relationship with the bond due in 2028, and the
€750 millon has been placed into a fair value hedge relationship with the bond due in 2033,

Sources of ineffectiveness on these hedge relationships will come from a difference in credit
ratings between the counterparties and modifications to the terms of either the hedged ite
‘or the hedging instrument. At 31 December 2024 no material ineffectiveness (2023: no material
ineffectiveness) has been recognised in the Income Statement.

Various scenarios are simulated taking into consideration refinancing, renewal of existing positions,
alternative financing and hedging. Based on these scenarios, the Group calculates the impact on
the income Statement of a defined interest rate shift. For each simulation, the same interest rate
shift is used for all currencies, calculated on a full-year and pre-tax basis.

The scenarios are only run for liabilities that represent the major interest-bearing positions. Based
Cn the simulations performed, the impact on the Income Statement of a 50 basis-point shift

in interest rates would be a maximum increase of £10 milion (2023: £11 millon) or decrease of
£10 milion (2023: £11 milion), respectively for the liabilities covered. The simulation is done on a
periodic basis to verify that the maximum loss simulated is within the limit given by management.
There is also an impact on the Income Statement of a $0 basis-point shift of £4 million (2023: £4
rmilion) on an asset that are inherently inked to a liability included above, resulting in a net impact
of £6 milion.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Wearege pot overnance rnanca statements Uanerormaten

Reckitt Annual Repor and Accounts 2024 183

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management continued

Financial risk management continued

2. Credit risk

The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk. Credit risk arises from cash and cash
equivalents, derivative financial instruments, deposits with banks and financial institutions, as well
as credit exposures to customers. The assessment of lifetime expected credit losses relating to
trade and other receivables is detailed in Note 14, Financial institution counterparties are subject to
approval under the Group's counterparty risk policy and such approvals limited to financial
institutions with a BBB rating or above. The Group uses BBB and higher rated counterparties to
manage risk and only uses sub-BBE rated counterparties by exception. The amount of exposure to
‘any individual counterparty is subject to a limit defined within the counterparty risk policy, which is
reassessed anrwally by the Board of Directors. Derivative financial instruments are only traded with
‘counterparties approved in accordance with the approved policy. Derivative risk is measured using
a risk weighting method.

The Group has counterparty risk from asset positions held with financial institutions. Ths is
comprised of short-term investments, cash and cash equivalents and derivative positions. For risk
‘management purposes the Group assesses the exposure to major financial institutions by tooking
at the deposits, cash and cash equivalents and a percentage of the nominal amount of derivative
contracts taking into account the time to maturity and the nature of the product. The following,
table summarises the Group's assessment of its exposure.

202. 2023
Timit Expos iit

Credit ratings Em rm em

‘AAA+ to AAA 3,156 26 3156 292

AR# to AA 550 196 215, 84

At to A- 3,750 ang 4,000 1568

888+ and below 205 16 15 84

3. Liquidity risk

Liquidity isk isthe risk thatthe Group cannot repay financial ables as and when they fall due
‘The Group's iquicity isk is concentrated towards bond and senior note principal repayments due
between 2025 and 2044,

‘The Group has various borrowing facilities available to it. The Group has bilateral and syndicated
credit facilities provided by high-quality international banks which include a financial covenant and
which is not expected to restrict the Group's future operations.

{At the end of 2024, the Group had long-term debt excluding lease liabilities of £7,014 million
(2023: £6,609 million, of which £6,325 milion (2023: £6,010 million) is repayable in more than two
years. In addition, the Group has committed borrowing facilities totaling £4,450 milion

(2023: £4,500 million), of which £3,500 million (2023: £4,450 million) expires after more than two
years. The committed borrowing facilities, together with central cash and investments, are.
Considered sufficient to meet the Group's projected cash requirements.

All borrowing facilites are at floating rates of interest.

The facilites have been arranged to cover general corporate purposes, including support for
commercial paper issuance. Al facilites incur commitment fees at market rates.

The Group's borrowing limit at 31 December 2024 calculated in accordance with the Articles of
‘Association was £20,097 milion (2023: £25,344 milion)

“The following tables analyse the Group’ financial iabilties and derivatives which wil be settled on
2 net basis into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the Balance Sheet
date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual
undiscounted cash flows which have been calculated using spot rates and interest rates at the
relevant Balance Sheet date, including interest to be paid

Lessthan Between owe

erat ‘year vand2 years Syears
At31December 2024 ‘&m em em ‘im
Bonds (7,450) (79) (@82) (2,749)
Commercial paper (594) (594)
Senior notes (1,834) (656) 33) (98) (1,047)
Trade and other payables (5.207) (5,118) (89) - -
Share repurchase labilt (77) (477) = - -

Less than Bowween

Total year 2and’ years Syears
Atz1Decemt em ‘em ‘tm fm em
Bonds (7983) (73) (38)——«(3586)—— (2528)
Senior notes (1858) (66) (645) (96) qos
Trade and other payables (627%) (6,208) (68) - -
Share repurchase labilt (296) (296) - - -


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECS01-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

‘spe par | waverance. * rmancon statement carer oration Reckitt Anool Report and Accounts 2024184

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management continued 4, Capital management

Financial risk management continued 2028 2023
ote fm m

3. Liquidity risk continued

‘The table below analyses the Group's derivative financial instruments which will be settled on a Cash and cash equivalents including overdrafts 879 1380

{gross basis into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period between the Balance ‘Financing Kail (793) (8.670)

Sheet date and the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the Net debt 7914 7290

‘contractual undiscounted cash flows which have been calculated using spot rates at the relevant i

eens Total equity 6,720 8.469

14,634 15,759

Lessthan Between Between over
year Yand2 year Syears
‘At 31 December 2024 &m im ‘em
FX forward exchange contracts .
Outflow (7s27) as) - -
Inflow 7546 ” - -
Cross currency interest rate swaps
Outflow am (8) (1,472) (776)
Inflow 46 46 1,352 nm
Interest rate swaps
Outflow (sa) (43) (86) 4)
_ Inflow, 40 22 6 5
lessthan Between
year Yand2 years
AtBDecomber 2023 ‘em fm
FX forward exchange contracts
Outflow (8,428) © © -
Inflow aai4 ‘6 ‘ -
Cross currency interest rate swaps
Outflow (ney (me) (1834) (824)
Inflow 43, 48 1440 16
Interest rate swaps
Outflow Co) n) (126) (55)
Ioflow 44 44 38 n

GT monitors forecasts of the Group's liquidity requirements to ensure it has sufficient cash to meet
operational needs while maintaining sufficient headroom on its undrawn committed borrowing
facilities. Funds over and above those required for short-term working capital purposes by the
local businesses are generally remitted to GT. The Group uses the remittances to settle obligations,
repay borrowings, or in the event of a surplus, invest in short-term instruments issued by
institutions with a BBB rating or above.

The Group considers capital to be net debt plus total equity. Net debt is calculated as total
financing liabilities less cash and cash equivalents and short-term deposits. Total equity includes
share capital, reserves and retained earnings as shown in the Group Balance Sheet.

The objectives for managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going
concern, in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to
maintain an efficient capital structure to optimise the cost of capital

In 2024, the Group provided returns to shareholders in the form of dividends and through buying
back shares. Refer to Note 24 for further details.

The Group monitors net debt which at year end was £7,914 million (2023: £7,290 million). In 2023
the Group began a share buyback programme funded by surplus free cash flow (see Note 24)

in line with the Group's capital allocation policy of returning surplus cash to shareholders.

‘Supply chain finance

‘The Group participates in a supply chain finance programme (SCF) under which certain suppliers
to the Group are able to access an SCF arrangement that enables them to fund their working
Capital. The principal purpose of this programme is to facilitate efficient payment processing and
enable the willing suppliers to sell their receivables due from the Group to a bank before their due
date. The Group does not incur any additional interest towards the bank on the amounts due to
the suppliers.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

tage lesen’ | overmance mane statements wenerenermaton Recht Annu Repont and Accounts 2026 185
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
15 Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management continued 117 Financial Liabilities - Borrowings
‘Supply chain finance continued 20208 2023
The balance payable is recorded within trade payables on the Balance Sheet and all cash flows. Note fn fm
associated with the programme are included within operating cash flows as they continue to Current
be part of the normal operating cycle of the Group and their principal nature cemains operating, gang loans and overdrafts! us 30
being payments for the purchase of goods and services. Security or guarantees have not been
proves by Group Commercial paper 592 -
tndotveporingperioa 2070 - asn
. SPomae 2024 Senior notes ~ 604 -
£m Lease liabilities » ~ 78
Carrying amount of financial liabilities Total short-term borrowings 1.423 1679
Presented in trade and other payables’ 437 Non-current
of which suppliers have received payment from finance provider 347 Bonds 6,302 5,304
Range of payment due dates (Goods and Freight Providers)? Senior notes 703 1292
Liabilities that are part of the arrangements Cost of inventories: 90 Days - 210 Days Other non-current borrowings 9 B
Freight: 60 Days - 210 Days abit ° 49
Net Operating Expenses: 30 Days - 210 Days ease ‘abies soon 5 = 5 a
rm borrowi Z r
Comparable trade payables that are not part Cost of inventories: 30 Days - 180 Days Sealiong term perrowrge
of the arrangements? Freight: 30 Days - 150 Days Total borrowings 2,658 8537
Net Operating Expenses: 0 Days - 150 Days Derivative financial instruments - as shown below 136 140
Non-cash changes Less overdrafts presented in cash and cash equivalents in
There were no material business combinations or foreign exchange differences in either period, _—_—the Cash Flow Statement 0) ®
‘There were non-cash transfers from trade payables to finance payables of Eni in 2024. Total financing liabilities 8,793 8,670

1 The canyng amount of financial abies resented in trade and other payables 2 31 December 20246 £437m
(Vandaty 2024 £396) The fest-year application exemptions have been uilsed fer the scosute of opening balances
2 Comparable payables have been denied based on the typeof product supple and legal ety wo purchases the goods

16 Cash and Cash Equivalents
2028 2023
&m &m
Cash at bank and in hand) . 504) 647
Short-term bank deposits 376 140.
Cash and cash equivalents 880 3387

The Group operates in a number of territories where there are either foreign currency exchange
restrictions, or where itis difficult for the Group to extract cash readily and easily in the short-term.
‘As a result, £120 milion (2023: £229 milion) of cash included in cash and cash equivalents is
restricted for use by the Group, yet available for use in the relevant subsidiary’s day-to-day
operations.

1 bank ars a6 denominated cumber of evrence al are unseied and Bar ineres based on mare shorten
‘The Group uses derivative financial instruments to hedge certain elements of interest rate and
exchange risk oni financing liabilities. The split between these items and other derivatives on
the Balance Sheet is shown below:

Assets Lnbiities
2024 (em) Current__Non-current” Current _Nomeurrent
Derivative financial instruments (financing .

liabilities) 3 4 (es) 57)
Derivative financial instruments

(oon-financing liabilities) 20. 3 3) 16)
‘At 31 December 2024 a v (38) (173)

1 ncluded within other non-curent receivables onthe Glance Sheet

Docusign Envelope IO: FS4ECSD1-7C48-4056-SBAC-E642367C9C84
‘Jeatoge ‘Novernance. tances statements Uerer mformaon

Reckitt AnnualReport and Accounts 2024186

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

17 Financial Liabilities - Borrowings continued

18 Provisions for Liabilities and Charges

astets tivities other ota
2023(em) Caren Tarent 8 prowons cre
Derivative financial instruments (financing ZU : 7
liabilities) 45 50 (58) a7 oh va i haan ‘ . . ° a
Derivative financial instruments 'arged to the Income Statement
(Gon-financing habe) » - 20) (10) _Uilsed during the year 63) i) 4)
Wn 3i December 2023 ea % (78) aT) , Released to the Income Statement a) o @)
1 tnchded within other non-curent receivables onthe Bunce Sheet Reclassification : ® o
zone nan Exchange acustments @ ® 0)
tm fm__-At31December 2023 137 62 99
er anvary @670 9140 Charged to the Income Statement 23 8 a
Proceeds from borrowings 1768 ——1638_—_Utlised during the year ” - o
Repayment of borrowings (1687) (1855) Released tothe Income Statement 66) on) 6
the financing cashflows (47)___(84)_eciasstcation - - -
Total financing cashflows 34 G01) Exchange adjustments © © ©
New lease Fabiiies 70 44 At31December 2024 ne 62 4
Exchange, fat value and other movernents 19 (213) provisions have been analysed between curent and non-curret as folows
Total non-cash financing tems (69)
zoe a3
At31December 3.670 raj a
me Caen we a2
ratio borrowings (excudng ease Kaiti mn
= noes ~ Non-current 62 57
Bank loans and overdrafts repayable: “ a
Within one year or on demand ue Fa
Other borrowings repayabi Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present or constructive obligation asa resut of
past events, its more itty than not that there wil be an outflow of resources to settle that
within one year Obligation, and the amount can be relably estimated. As at 31 December 2024, the Group
Commercial paper 592 ~ recognised legal provisions of £112 million (2023: £137 million) in relation to a number of historical
aonds = yS7__ regulatory and other matters in varus jurisdictions
Senior notes 608 = These provisions relate to matters where the Group is currently involved with, or potentially will be
involved in, ligation The prowsion represents the Group's best estimate ofthe ikely settlement
ater in ess than fv
fer one year and in less than five years: Due to the uncertain nature of the resolution of majority of these matters, £82 million (2023: £109
Bonds 3,949 3.205 milion) is recorded as a current provision as it is possible the matter could be settled in the next 12
Senior nates - 599 months, however, is possible that they may not be. Legal provisions include £30 milion (2023. £27
After five years or longer: million) relating to the Humidifier Sanitiser (HS) issue in Korea (see Note 20).
Bonds 2.353 2099 Other provisions include environmental and ather obigations throughout the Group, the majoty of
Sones notes 303 oa which are expected to be utlised within five years
Other non-current borrowings ° B
az 8:60
Gross borrowings (unsecured) 8,358 8,210 .


Docusign Envelope 1D: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

eawege pet overance rnanca statements Uiremtormavon

Reckitt Anal Report and Accounts 2024 187

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

9 Lease Liabilities

2024 2003
‘Maturity analysis ~ contractual undiscounted cas fm én,
Within one year a7 a1
Later than one and less than five years wr 199
After five years 9 103
‘Total undiscounted lease liabilities at 31 December 358 383,
Lease liabilities included in the statement of financial position

at 31December 300 327
Current 9 78
Non-current 221 209,

Interest charged on lease liabilities amounted to £13 million (2023: £14 milion).

20 Contingent Liabilities and Assets

Humidifier Sanitiser issue

The Humidifier Sanitiser (HS) issue in South Korea was @ tragic event. The Group continues to make
both public and personal apologies to the victims who have suffered lung injury as a result of the
‘Oxy HS product and the role that the Oxy HS product played in the issue,

As previously reported, the South Korean government had designated a number of diseases

23S HS injuries, in addition to the HS lung injury for which Reckitt Korea's compensation plan was
established. These include asthma, toxic hepatitis, child interstitial lung disease (ILD), bronchitis,
Upper airway disease, pneumonia, skin disease (eccompanied by respiratory injuries) and.
depression (accompanied by respiratory injuries).

‘The Korean National Assembly passed a bill on 6 March 2020 to amend the HS law with the main
changes in the amendment relating to: i) the definition of HS injury (essentially allowing the MOE
to recognise a variety of disease as IRF injury based on individual review of each IRF application)
(i) the legal presumption of causation (shifting the burden of proof for causation to the defendant
ifthe plaintiff demonstrates ‘epidemiological correlation’ between HS exposure and their injury),
and (i) amendments to the fund set up by the government and funded by the government and
HS companies (the Special Relief Fund (SRF), now called the Injury Relief Fund (IRF)) to provide
expanded support payments to HS victims which would cover ail elements of court awarded
damages except mental distress, aside from KRW 100 million consolation payments for death
cases, and partial lost income. The Group currently has a provision of £30 milion (2023: £27 milion)
in relation to the HS issue in South Korea. In addition, there are further potential costs that are not
considered probable and cannot be reliably estimated at the current time. The impact of the HS
law amendments will eequire further monitoring and analysis, in particular those which will be
subject to court interpretation, such as the new epidemiological correlation standard, ay limitation
applied by courts to damage awards, the interest rate applied by individual courts to damage
awards and external factors such as the rate of future IRF applications/recognitions. Accordingly,
itis not possible to make any reliable estimate of liability for individuals recognised by the
government as having HS injuries.

Necrotizing Enterocolitis (NEC)
Product lablity actions relating to NEC have been filed against certain Group subsidiary
companies, or against certain Group subsidiary companies and Abbott Laboratories, in state and
federal courts in the United States. The actions allege injuries relating to NEC in preterm infants
Plaintiffs contend that human milk fortfiers (HMF) and preterm formulas containing bovine-derived
ingredients couse NEC, and that preterm infants should receive a diet of exclusive breast mik. The
Company has denied the material allegations ofthe claims. it contends that its products provide
Critical tools to expert neonatologists for the nutritional management of preterm infants for whom
human milk, by itself, is not available or nutitionally sufficient. The products are used under the
supervision of medical doctors. Any potential costs relating to the product kabiity actions are not
Considered probable and cannot be reliably estimated at the current time. Given the uncertainty
Con the number of cases and range of possible results and/or outcomes on each case, the possible
economic outflow cannot be reliably estimated, but may be significant. In 2025 there are currently
‘two trials scheduled, these are currently expected to take place in H2 2025,

Whitfield Case
(On 31 October 2024, a state court jury in the city of St. Louis, Missouri ruled in favour of Mead
Johnson. The case involved a child who was born prematurely, developed NEC and has allegedly
experienced subsequent long-term health issues. Given the verdict, an economic outflow is not
considered probable. The Plaintiff has filed a post-trial motion seeking a new trial

Watson Case
‘On 13 March 2024, a state court jury in Belleville, ilinois awarded $60 milion to a mother of a child
‘who was born prematurely and died 25 days later from Necrotizing Enterocolitis (NEC). Reckitt
believe the allegations from the plaintiff's lawyers in this case were not supported by the science.
‘the experts in the medical community. Reckitt are appealing the verdict, and at this time,

an economic outflow is not considered probable. There is a possible outcome that may be
unfavourable, however, the Group expects to benefit from relevant product liablity insurance
subject to limits and deductibles that the Group considers to be reasonable.

Phenylephrine
Starting in September 2023, putative class action lawsuits have been filed against the Group

{and competitor companies in various United States jurisdictions that generally allege that the
defendants made misrepresentations about the effectiveness of products containing
phenylephrine. In December 2023, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation (JPML) transferred all
currently pending federal court cases and any similar, subsequently fled cases to a coordinated
‘multi-district litigation (MDI) in the Eastern District of New York for pre-trial purposes. In October
2024, a motion to dismiss the lawsuits was granted, dismissing all claims. The plaintiffs are
‘appealing that ruling. Potential costs relating to these actions are not considered probable and
‘cannot be reliably estimated at the current time.

Other
From time to time, the Group is involved in discussions in relation to ongoing tax matters in a
number of jurisdictions around the world, Where appropriate, the Directors make provisions based
‘on their assessment of each case (see Note 7).

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Sumege repo wovernance rane statements ‘Utne mormavn

Reckitt Anousl Repor and Accounts 2024 188

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

21 Trade and Other Payables
2028 2023

‘fm ‘&m

Trade payables 2,268 2194
Other payables 181 18
Forward share purchase liability’ 133 158
Other tax and social security payable 161 13
Interest accrued on tax balances 101 12
Indemnity provisions for disposed businesses 47 48
Accruals 2,430 2703
Trade and other payables 5,291 5506

1 Relates to an agreement signedin May 2023 to acquit the maining interests associted with the Company’ maori owned,
cvs in manand China and HongKong (8 Manon) lomits existing manor sharelcers

Included within accruals is £1,074 milion (2023: £1125 millon) in respect of amounts payable to
trade customers and government bodies for trade spend,

Other non-current liabilities

2028 2023

im i
US employee-related payables 37 45
Indemnity provisions for disposed businesses 2 -
Other 22 22
(Other non-current liabilities a 61

Financial instruments (Note 15)
At 31 December 2024, £5,050 milion (2023: £5,276 milion) of the current and non-current trade and
‘other payables totalling £5,372 milion (2023: £5,573 milion) are financial iabiities, These mainly
felate to amounts owed to suppliers in respect of goods or services and are typically non-interest
bearing. Amounts that are not financial instruments comprise employee-related liabilities, social
security liabilities and accrued interest.

22 Current and Non-current Tax Li

2024 2023

‘im fm
Current tax liabilities 602 620
Non-current tax liabilities - 28.
Total current and non-current tax liabilities 602 648,

Certain tax positions taken by us are based on industry practice, tax advice and drawing
similarities from our facts and circumstances to those in case law. In particular, international
transfer pricing is an area of taxation that depends heavily on the underlying facts and
circumstances and generally involves a significant degree of judgement.

Tax assets and labilties are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to do so. Included
within current tax liabilities is an amount of £595 milion (2023: £619 milion) relating to uncertain tax.
positions. Within this, £257 million (2023: £187 million) relates to amounts recognised using the
‘most likely outcome method, where the resolution of the uncertainty is concentrated on one
binary outcome. There is no individual tax uncertainty calculated with this method that is material
to the Financial Statements.

Also within uncertain tax positions is an amount of £338 millon (2023: £432 million) recognised
Using the expected value method. The liabilities calculated using this method are not material in
isolation, are individually assessed and cover multiple jurisdictions and issues. Therefore, itis not
meaningful to provide aggregated sensitivity estimates. The sources of estimation uncertainty
underlying this amount are shown in Note 1.

The recognition of uncertain tax positions is reviewed regularly for changes in circumstances and
estimates are updated as potential resolutions for the tax uncertainties are encountered through
specific audits or wider case law. As a result, given the size, possible range of outcomes and
timing of resolution, there is a significant risk of material adjustment to the aggregate carrying
‘amount of these liabilities within the next financial year.

The disputes underlying the liability recognised in respect of uncertain tax positions may take
several years to resalve (see Note 1). Notwithstanding this, the carrying amount of £595 million
(2023: £619 million) has been presented as a current liability. The associated interest accrued on
‘uncertain tax positions of £101 milion (2023: £122 million) also is presented as a current liability

23 Pension and Post-Retirement Commitments

Plan details

The Group operates a number of defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans around,
the world covering many of its employees. The majority of these plans are funded. The Group's
‘most significant pension plan (UK) is set up under Trust and is a separate entity from the Group.
The defined benefits section of this plan closed to accrual from 31 December 2017. Members have
‘anormal retirement age of 65. Trustees of the plan are appointed by the Group, active members.
‘and pensioner membership, and are responsible for the governance of the plan, including paying
all administrative costs of the defined benefit section and compliance with regulations. The
defined benefit section of the plan is funded by the payment of contributions as required,
following each Triennial Valuation.

The principal UK plan also had a defined contribution section which was closed on 31 March 2024;
from that date, UK employees were moved into a separate master trust arrangement and their
funds within the defined contribution section were transferred over to the master trust in July
2024. For the principal UK plan, a full independent actuarial valuation is carried out on a triennial
basis. The most recent valuation was carried out as at S April 2022 and as the plan was in surplus
‘on its technical provisions funding basis, no contributions are required to be paid by the Group in
2025 (2024: Eni), Funding levels are monitored on an annual basis.

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 189

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

23 Pension and Post-Retirement Commitments continued

Plan details continued

The Group continues to monitor the impact of UK High Court rulings clarifying the requirements to
equalise the Guaranteed Minimum Pension element of benefits for men and women within the UK
Pension schemes from Guaranteed Minimum Pension accrued from post 17 May 1990 pensionable
service. A method has been agreed with the pension trustees from all defined benefit schemes.
in the UK. Benefit changes and back payments have been made to members of one of the smaller UK
schemes, with work continuing on the other schemes to calculate the required adjustments to benefits,

‘The Group also operates a number of other post-retement plans in certain countries. The two
‘major plans are the US Retiree Health Care Plan and the Mead Johnson & Company, LLC Medical Plan
(together, the US (Medical) plans) In the US Retiree Health Care Plan, salaried participants become
eligible for retiree healthcare benefits after they reach @ combined ‘age and years of service rendered’
figure of 70, although the age must be a minimum of $5. This plan closed to new members in 2009, In
the Mead Johnson & Company, LLC Medical Pan, acquired as part of the acquisition of MAN on 15 June
2017, participants become eligible for retiree healthcare benefits if they leave employment after the
{ag@ of 65, leave after the age of 5S and have completed 10 years of service, or have their employment
involuntaily terminated after the age of SS. A Benefits Committee is appointed by the Group for both
of these plans, responsible for the governance of the US plans, including paying all administrative costs
‘and compliance with regulations. Both of these plans are unfunded. For the US (Medical) plans, a full
independent actuarial valuation is carried out on an annual basis. The most recent valuation was
Carried out on 1 January 2024. For both of these plans, funding levels are monitored on an annual
bbasis with contributions made equal to the claims made each year. Its expected that the
combined contributions in 2025 will be £6 milion (2024: £8 milion). For the purpose of IAS 18, the
projected unit valuation method was used for the UK and US plans, as per the principal UK plan
triennial valuation results (at § April 2022) and the US (Medical) plan annual valuations to 31
December 2024. For the UK plans, the weighted average duration of the deferred benefit
obligation is 11.3 years (2023: 12.4 years). The decrease from the prior year has been driven by rises
in bond yields, changes to demographic assumptions, and an ageing scheme population

Significant actuarial assumptions
The significant actuarial assumptions used in determining the Group's defined benefit obligation
for the UK and US (Medical) plans as at 31 December were:

2024 2023

UK US (Hedicat) UK US (Medical)

% % % %

Rate of increase in pensionable salaries, NA = NA -
Rate of increase in deferred pensions

duting deferment 29 - 28 -

Rate of increase in pension payments 32 - 31 -

Discount rate 5.6 54 47 49

Inflation assumption ~ RPI 33 - 32 -

‘Annual medical cost inflation

Assumptions regarding future mortality experience are set in accordance with published statistics
and experience in each territory. The expected lifetime of a participant aged 60 and the expected
lifetime of a participant who will be aged 60 in IS years (20 years in the US) are detailed below:

2024 2023
Ukyears —_USyears UK USyears

Number of years a current pensioner

is expected to live beyond 60:

Male 270 251 an 253

Female 28.6 273 288 214

Number of years a future pensioner

is expected to live beyond 60:

Male 28.3 26. 284 210

Female 299 289 30.0 289

For the principal UK plan, the mortality assumptions were based on the standard SAPS mortality table
3NMA for males (scaled by 98%) and table 3NFA for females (scaled by 117%), Allowance is made for
future improvements in mortality by adopting the CM's published 2023 improvement tables with a
long-term improvement trend of 15% per annum from 2013 onwards, an initial addition to mortality
improvements of 0.25% pa, the core period smoothing parameter of 7.0, and default weightings of
0% / 0% / 15% / 15% applied to 2020 / 2021 2022 / 2023 calendar year data, reflecting the extent to
which high levels of mortality experienced since 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic may be
expected to reoccur in the future. For the US plan the mortality assumptions were determined using
the Pre-2012 Total Dataset and projected with Mortality Improvement Scale MP-2021

Amounts recognised on the Balance Sheet
The amounts recognised on the Balance Sheet are as follows:

2028 2023
‘im ‘im
Balance Sheet liability for:
US (Medical) (64) (73)
Other a7 160)
jability on Balance Sheet (235) (233)
Balance Sheet assets for:
UK 24 206
Other 55. 64
‘Asset on Balance Sheet 269) 270
Net pension asset, 34. 37


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

tawege report Governance raancar statements vane’ ermaton

Reckitt Anal Repor and Accounts 2024 190

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

23 Pension and Post-Retirement Commitments continued

Amounts recognised on the Balance Sheet continued

The UK surplus of £214 million (2023: £206 milion) relates mainly to the Reckitt Benckiser Pension
Fund. This surplus has been recognised as the Group has concluded it has an unconditional right to
2 refund of any surplus once all member benefits have been paid. The Group's judgement is based
(on legal advice that the Trustees would be unable to unconditionally wind up the plan or enhance
members’ benefits without the Group's consent,

The funded and unfunded amounts recognised on the Balance, Sheet are determined as follows:

2024 2023
us, Us
UK (Hedical) Other Total UK (Medical). Other ‘Total
fme em tm em fm em em Em
Present value of funded
obligations (853) = (410) (1,263) (969) = (400) (1369)
Fairvalue of plan assets 4070 -——a19—1,489—_—1178 = 4431621
Surplus offundedplans 27S =SOSSC«SSR]SCOD - 43 282
Present value of
unfunded obligations = (64) (125) apy = 73) 039)
rrecoverable surplus @) - -_ ® @  - -__@

Net pension surplus/

(ability) 214 (64) (my) 34206 73) (96)

Group plan assets are comprised as follows:

In 2020 and 2021, the Trustees of three of the UK pension plans entered into annuity bu
agreements which cover, in aggregate, £249 million of pension liabilities valued under IAS 19 at 31
December 2024 (£273 milion of pension liabilities valued under IAS 19 at 31 December 2023). The
agreements involved the purchase of bulk annuity policies under which the insurer will pay the UK
ppension funds amounts equivalent to the benefits payable to members. These purchases were
conducted by the trustees to ensure the pension fund had an asset that would match its obligation
tomembers. The policies are valued in accordance with IAS 19 by the plans’ actuary such that the
fair value on the annuity policies is deemed to be the present value of the related obligation
measured using the assumptions underpinning the valuation of the defined benefit obligation. The
pension liabilities remain with, and the matching annuity policies are held within, the UK pension
funds. As this was an investment decision by the trustees, the immaterial reduction in the valuation
of plan assets (due to the difference between the purchase price of the annuity policy and the
‘accounting value of the buy-in asset) arising on each buy-in was recorded within other
comprehensive income. The Trustees have not entered any such buy-in agreements in the years,
2022 to 2024,

{At 31 December 2024 the Group has not committed to any buy-out arrangements in respect of any
of the UK pension schemes.

Included in other assets are £273 milion (2023: £319 milion) relating to liability driven investment
funds. This is a bespoke pooled investment vehicle, a unt linked insurance policy fund (ULIP) with
underlying listed bonds, equities and structured notes. The fair value of the vehicle is provided by
the fund manager based on the underlying value of the securities held within the vehicle. The
trustees purchased these investments in 2021 to lower risk within the portfolio without reducing
potential returns, These investments have a low leverage percentage and sufficient capital
Collateral in place. The remaining other assets are cash.

‘The present value of obligations for the combined UK plans and the US (Medical) plans at last
valuation date is attributable to participants as follows:

2024 2023
7 is 2024 2023
UK (Medical) Other Total_——UK (Medical) Other Total ‘UK US (Medical) UK U5 (Medical)
imo fm tm im fm tm im Em im ‘em Em ‘em
Equities 68 - 97 SO = 99 159 etive participants - 4) @ (19)
Government bonds 3 = wT 86 - 108 244 Participants with deferred benefits (286) 0) (334) o
Corporate bonds 289 - 68 457290 - 150 440 Participants receiving benefits (567) (49) (634) (53)
Real estate/property ~ Present vaive of obligation (853) (64) (969) a,
vunquoted 8 - 6 4 BB - n *
Insurance contracts 249 - = 29 273 - - 213
Other assets -unquoted __333 = 4 407 389 = 8486
Fair value of plan assets 1,070 = 4914891778 = 4031621


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
‘Yeatege reper overnance rnanear statements were fermavon Reckit Annual Report and Accounts 2024 191

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

23 Pension and Post-Retirement Commitments continued

Amounts recognised on the Balance Sheet continued,
The movement in the Group's net surplus/(deficit) is as follows:

Present value of obligation fair value ofplanassets
OK US (Medical ‘Other Torar Uk US (Medica other Torah
Em ‘im em em fm im Em im
‘At January 2023 91 a 532 1554 (1186) ~ Com
Current service cost - - 0 %0 - - - -
‘Administrative costs 3 - 3 ‘ - - - -
Interest expensey(income) a 4 z 3 68) - (3) a)
50 4 25 y 5) = (3) @)
Remeasurements
Return on plan assets, excluding amounts included in interest income - - - - 5 - 0 8
(Gains) from changes in’demographic assumptions 06) - Oo) a) - - - -
(Gains)/Losses from changes in financial assumptions Mek 5) a - - - -
Experience (gains)/losses a O) 7 23 - - - -
39 @ @ 27 5 = 10 18
Exchange differences - 1) (20) (4) - - 20 20
Contributions - employers - - - - - ) @) (28)
Benefit payments wo ) (26) (2) a 5 2 92
Scheme assets and obligations previously presented net - = 37 37 = - fen) G7)
As at 31December 2023 969 B 539 3s81__(1178) - (443) (1.621)
Current service cost - - 12 7% - > - -
Administrative costs 3 - - 3 - - 2 2
Interest expensey(income) 44 4 a eo 4) : (20) 74)
a7 4 33 84 (64) = (8) (72)
Remeasurements
Return on plan assets, excluding amounts included in interest income - - - - 103 - v x0
(Gainsylosses from changes in demographic assumptions © ® n o - - - -
(Gains) from changes in financial assumptions @) @ 0) 5) - - - -
Experience (gains/losses 5) - 4 oy : : : -
(04) @ 4 07) 03 = 7 720
Exchange differences - - @ @ - - (0) (0)
* Contributions - employers - - - - - © 2) 8)
Benefit payments 9) © 8) 293) 9 ‘ 38 03

Asat 31 December 2024 853 64 535 1,452 (1,070) = (419)


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

Menge renee bovemance rMnanga statements Uane ermavon

Reckitt Annual Repor and Accounts 2028 192

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

23 Pension and Post-Retirement Commitments continued

Amounts recognised in the Income Statement
The charge for the year ended 31 December is shown below:

2028

Sensitivity of significant actuarial assumptions
‘The sensitivity of the UK defined benefit obligation to changes in the principal assumptions is
shown below:

ra} 23 2028 change in assumation
Defined contribution plans "8 Ga Discount rate Increase 0.1% Decrease by 1.1%
Defined benefit plans (net charge excluding interest) Discount rate Increase 1.0% Decrease by 9.9%
oR 3 3 RPlincrease Increase 0.1% Increase by 0.9%
other 2 13. RPlincrease Increase 1.0% Increase by 7.7%
Total pension costs included in operating profit (Note 5) 3 9 Wfeexpectancy Members live 1year longer Increase by 3.1%
Pension net finance income included in net finance expense (Note 6) 6) ®@ change in detined
Income Statement charge included in profit before income tax 58 52 2088 Change in essumption benefit obigation
Remeasurement gains/(losses) for: Discount rate increase 0.1% Decrease by 12%
UK 7 (44) Discount rate Increase 10% Decrease by 10.7%
US (Medical) 7 3 RPlincrease Increase 0.1% Increase by 10%
Other fen) () PPlincrease Increase 10% Increase by 89%

(3) G2) Life expectanc, Members live 1year longer Increase by 33%

charge recognised in operating prot inclades current service cost, past Service cost and

2. Remeasizement gang osses) excide En (2023 £1 mito) ecognisedin OCI for wecoverable spas

The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other
assumptions constant. in practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions
may be correlated.

Impact of medical cost trend rates
‘A.% change in the assumed healthcare cost trend rates would have an immaterial impact on the
service cost, interest cost and post-retirement benefit obligation

Risk and risk management
Through its defined benefit pension plans and post-employment medical plans, the Group is.
exposed to a number of risks, the most significant of which are detailed as follows:

Asset volatility

The plan liabilities are calculated using a discount rate set with reference to corporate bond yields.
If plan assets underperform this yield, this will create a deficit/reduce the surplus. The US plans
hold a significant proportion of equities, which are expected to outperform corporate bonds in
the long term while providing volatility and risk in the short-term. However, the Group believes that
{due to the long-term nature of the plan liabilities and the strength of the supporting group, a level
of continuing equity investment is an appropriate element of the Group's long-term strategy to
manage the plans efficiently

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Wenge lesen: | eovemonce” smancar statements inereneemston AReckit Annual Report and Accounts 2024193
Notes to the Financial Statements continued
23 Pension and Post-Retirement Commitments continued 24 Share Capital
Risk and risk management continued - Nominal
Eauty ord value

Asset volatility continued Issued and fully pia shares number ém
Investments are well diversified, such that the failure of any single investment would not have a a December 2003 730535379 7a
‘material impact on the overall level of assets. A portion of assets consists of unit linked insurance pe

At 31 December 2024 736,535,179 74

policies with underlying investments in quoted equities and quoted bonds, although the Group also
invests in property and cash. The Group believes that quoted equities offer the best returns over the
long term with an acceptable level of risk. The Trustees of al the UK funds have moved the majority
of thei assets to low-cost investment funds in consultation with the Group whilst maintaining
prudent diversification and appropriate interest and inflation hedging. The Trustees and the Group
have aligned goals in respect of climate risk which includes a $0% reduction in carbon footprint
ambition by 2030. The trustees of the principal UK plan have cartied out climate change scenario
‘analysis to help them understand and quantify the potential effects of climate change on the plan's
assets and labilties and identify possible actions to address the risks and opportunities presented.

Changes in bond yields

‘A decrease in government and corporate bond yields will increase plan liabilities, although this wall
bbe partially offset by an increase in the value of the plans’ bond holdings

Inflation risk

‘Some of the Group's pension obligations are linked to inflation, and higher inflation will ead to higher
liabilities (although, in most cases, caps on the level of inflationary increases are in place to protect the
plan against extreme inflation). In order to manage inflationary risks, the Trustees’ investment strategy
within the UK plan provides a high level of protection against higher than expected long-term infiation
through investments in index-linked git, lability driven investments and insurance contracts. In the
US plans, the pensions in payment are not linked to inflation, so ths is aless material sk.

Life expectancy

The majority of the plans’ obligations are to provide benefits for the life of the member. Whilst

the plans allow for an increase in life expectancy, increases above this assumption will result in

an increase in the plans' liabilities. This is particularly significant in the UK plan, where inflationary
increases to benefits result in higher sensitivity to improvements in ife expectancy. In 2020 the

principal UK scheme reduced its exposure by purchasing an insurance product that will pay the

pensions of some of the plan's pensioners. In 2021 two other UK pension schemes purchased

2 similar insurance policy covering 100% of their members’ benefits

Change in regulations
The Group is aware that future changes to the regulatory framework may impact the funding basis
Cf the various plans in the future. The Group's pensions department monitors the changes in
legisation and analyses the risks as and when they occur.

Jn June 2023, the High Court in England handed down a decision in the case of Virgin Media
Limited v NTL Pension Trustees Il Limited and others relating to the validity of certain historical
pension changes due to the lack of actuarial confirmation required by law. In July 2024, the Court
of Appeal dismissed the appeal brought by Virgin Media Ltd against aspects of the June 2023
decision. The conciusions reached by the court in this case may have implications for other UK
defined benefit plans, The Group and pension trustees are currently considering the implications
Of the case for the Group's UK plans. The defined benefit obligation has been calculated on the
basis of the pension benefits currently being administered, and at this stage the Directors do not,
Consider it necessary to make any adjustments as a result of the Virgin Media case.

The holders of ordinary shares (par value 10 pence) are entitled to receive dividends (Note 28)
as declared from time to time and are entitied to one vote per share at meetings of the
Parent Company.

Repurchase of ordinary shares
In July 2024, the Group announced a new share buyback programme of an amount of £1 billion
tobe effected over 12 months. During 2024, as part of this share buyback programme, the Group
entered into commitments to purchase £1 billion of ordinary shares

A share repurchase lability of £477 millon has been recognised in the Balance Sheet as at

31 December 2024 (2023: £296 milion), reflecting contractual obligations to purchase ordinary
shares (including associated costs)

During the year to 31 December 2024, 28,488,957 shares have been purchased at a total cost of
£1,328 milion. Repurchased ordinary shares have been included in the Treasury shares (see below).

Allotment of ordinary shares and release of Treasury shares

During the year nil ordinary shares (2023: nil ordinary shares) were allotted, 1.083.133 ordinary shares
were released from Treasury (2023: 2,047518) and 28,488,957 ordinary shares (2023: 3,782,835,
ordinary shares) were bought back, to satisfy vesting/exercises under the Group's various share
schemes as follows

2024 2023

Numberof Consideration  Numberof Consideration
‘shaves fm shares fm

Executive Share Options - exercises 18.7 1 380348

Restricted Shares Awards ~ vesting 1,013,180 = 1037960 -

Total under Executive Share Option

‘and Conditional Award Schemes 1,031,297 1 1418,308 7

Savings-related Share Option Schemes

~ exercises 51,836 2 629.210 29

Total released from Treasury 1,083,133 3 2007518 48

Bought into Treasury

Repurchase of shares (28,488,957)___(1,328)_(3,782.835) (207)

Total (27,405,824) (1,325) (1,735,317) 059)


Reckitt Anal Report and Accounts 2028 198

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

24 Share Capital continued

Allotment of ordinary shares and release of treasury shares continued
{In 2024, 1083133 Treasury shares were released (2023: 2,047,518) and 28,488,957 ordinary shares
(2023: 3,782,835 ordinary shares) were bought back, leaving a balance held at 31 December 2024
‘of 49,912,354 (2023: 22,506,530). Proceeds received from the reissuance of Treasury shares to
exercise share options were £3 milion (2023: £48 milion)

25 Share-Based Payments

The Group operates a number of incentive schemes, including @ Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP),
and various other share plans. All awards under these plans are equity-settled. The total expense
recognised in respect of share-based payments for the year was £85 million (2023: £102 milion),

Executive share awards
Executive share awards granted to the senior management team under the LTIP consist of
Performance Share Options, Performance Shares, and Time-Vested Shares. For Performance Share
‘Options and Performance Shares, vesting is conditional on achievement of specified performance
targets over a three-year period as well as continued employment. For Time-Vested Shares,
vesting is conditional only on continued employment, typically over three years from grant. For
Performance Share Options, the exercise price is determined on the grant date and becomes

Other share awards
Other share awards include savings-related share options (offered to al staff within the relevant
geographic area) and a number of Senior Executive Share Ownership Policy Plan (SOPP) awards.
Other share awards have contractual lives of between three and eight years and are generally not
subject to any vesting conditions other than the employee's continued employment.

Individual tranches of these other share awards are not material for detailed disclosure and
therefore information about these awards is presented only on an aggregated basis.

Valuation of share awards

‘The fair value of share options granted is calculated using a Black-Scholes model. Performance
Share Options and Performance Shares which include the market-based TSR performance target
are valued by a third-party expert using a Monte Carlo model. For Performance Shares with
‘non-market performance conditions and for Time-Vested Shares, the fair value is the share price
Cn the date of grant. From 2022 onwards, no adjustment to the market price at grant is required
because all new Performance Shares and Time-Vested Shares accrue dividend equivalents,
Performance Options do not accrue dividend equivalents.

‘The weighted average fair value of the LTIP Performance Share Options granted in the year and,
the key assumptions made in arriving at that fair value were as follows:

‘payable on exercise, which may be up to seven years after the options have vested. Performance Performance Share Options
Shares and Time-Vested Shares entitle the recipient to receive shares at no cost following 7088 2088
satisfaction ofthe vesting conditions 5 ose aa
xercse price 5

The performance metrics and associated weightings for LTIP awards from 2022 to 2024 areas folows:

p “ants: Performance period 2024-26 2023-25
LP performance metrics 2022, 2023 and 2024 awards Weighing share price on grant date: £5014 £5918,
Like-for ike net revenue growth 40% Volatility 22.3% 226%
Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) 25% Dividend yield 39% 3%
Relative Total Shareholder Return (TSR) 25% — Expected life G9 years 66 years
Sustainability 10% Risk-free imerest rate 3.9% 3.2%
LIP awards with a market-based TSR performance condition were first granted in 2022. For TIP «Weighted average fair value pet award £7.68 £10.49

awards granted before 2022, LTIP awards included only non-market performance conditions,

For the Executive Committee and members of the Group Leadership Team, vesting conditions
‘must be met over the three-year performance period and are not retested. For awards granted to
‘other members of the senior management tear before 202’, the targets could be retested in
years four or five of the scheme. The final retest date was in 2024, at which point any remaining
Lnvested shares or options lapsed. For awards granted in May 2021 and thereafter, vesting
conditions must be met over the three-year period and are not retested.

‘An estimate of future volatility is made with reference to historical volatility over a similar time
period to the expected life of the option. Historical volatility is calculated based on the annualised
standard deviation of the Group's daily share price movement, which approximates the
continuously compounded rate of return on the share.

‘The weighted average fai value of the LTIP Performance Shares granted in the year was £41.65
per award (2023: £5138 per award).

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

\rtagetepon. | overance > nancis tatsments sine mmton Recklt Arr Report and Accounts 2024195

Notes to the Financial Statements continued

25 Share-Based Payments continued 26 Other Reserves

Movements in the year Foreign
curreney

The following table shows movements in the total number of outstanding awards across all award
types:

ended
a1December 2023

Weighted

Numberot average.

"Dwards exercise price

‘Outstanding at 1 January 1 £45.24 18,707,002 «£4499

Granted 6,449,300 £31.65 4.806191 £36.92

Exercised (12,643) £2.90 (2.084202) £2351

Lapsed (4,628,219) £46.90 (2,866,834) £45.48

Outstanding at 31 December 19271188 £42.73 18,562.70 £45.24

Exercisable at 31 December 4,273,783 £63.35 3.009.018. £6136

The weighted average share price over the year was £47.28 (2023: £58.38).

Summary of outstanding awards
For awards outstanding at the year end the weighted average remaining contractual life is 5.0
years (2023: 5.3 years) and the range of exercise prices is as follows:

Price tobe paid Number of awards

‘outstanding
NBiDecember_ata1December

From to 2028 2023

UIP ~ performance share options 4201 78.00 11,621,996 11,522,463
LIP - performance shares ~ 5 = 3,404,027 3,984,219
LIIP - time-vested shares - - —1497,033 861,596
OPP - - 141,400 150,200
Savings-related share options 40.49 6244 2,906,732 2,444,272
Total 19271188 18,562,750

For LTIP awards with non-market performance conditions, assumptions regarding the number of
awards that will eventually vest are based on the Directors expectations in light of the Group's
business model and relevant published targets.

There has been no material modification‘of outstanding awards such as would impact the expense
recognised in respect of share-based payments,

Hedging translation

Attributable to owners of the a eee

Balance at 1 January 2023 3 307)——«@94)
Other comprehensive income/(expense):

Fair value losses on cash flow hedges, net of tax wo) - 8)
Reclassification of cash flow hedges to the Income Statement @) an)
Net exchange losses on foreign currency translation, net of tax - 638) 638)
Gains on net investment hedges, net of tax - 4 a

Reclassification of foreign currency translation reserves on

disposal or liquidation of foreign operations, net of tax = ys)
Total other comprehensive expense for the year ()___(727)__(766)
Balance at 31 December 2023 (26) (1.034) (1,060)
Other comprehensive incomey(expense)

Fair value gains on cash flow hedges, net of tax 9 - 9

Reclassification of cash flow hedges to the Income Statement 2 - 2

Net exchange losses on foreign currency translation, net of tax = (442) (44a)
Gains on net investment hedges, net of tax - 85 85

Reclassification of foreign currency transation reserves on

disposal or liquidation of foreign operations, net of tax - a)
‘otal other comprehensive income/(expense) for the y 38 (368) (230)
Balance at 31 December 2024 v2 (1.402) (1,390)

The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in fair value of
cash flow hedging instruments related to hedge transactions that are extant at year end.

The foreign currency translation reserve contains the accumulated foreign exchange differences
from the translation of the Financial Statements of the Group's foreign operations arising when the
Group's entities are consolidated. The reserve also contains the translation of lables that hedge
the Group's net exposure in a foreign currency.

uring the year ended 31 December 2024, a net gain of £11 milion (2023: £131 milion net gain) was
reclassified to the Income Statement from foreign currency reserves following the disposal or
liquidation of foreign operations, of which a net gain of Enil milion (2023: £130 milion net gain)
{elated to the liquidation of subsidiaries (see Note 6 for further detail)

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘image lepan | overance * rmancasatement ine mormaven . Reckitt AnnualReport and Accounts 2024 196

Notes to the Financial Statements continued
27 Related Party Transactions
The Group has related party relationships with its Directors and key management personnel
(Note 5).
28 Dividends

2028 2023

én fm

Cash dividends on equity ordinary shares:
2023 Final paid: 11.99 (2022: Final paid 110.39) per share 820 790
2024 Interim paid: 80.40 (2023: Interim paid: 76.6p) per share 561 549
Total dividends for the year 7.381 1339

The Directors are proposing a final dividend in respect of the financial year ended 31 December
2024 of 1217 pence per share which will absorb an estimated £830 million of shareholders’ funds. If
approved by shareholders it will be paid on 29 May 2025 to shareholders who are on the register
‘on 11 April 2025, with an ex-dividend date of 10 April 2025.

29 Acquisitions and Disposals

Acquisitions .
(On 25 September 2023, the Group acquired a business distributing Reckitt products in the

Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. This was accounted for as a business combination with the purchase -

Consideration £79 million, of which a preliminary fair value of £56 millon was allocated to goodwill

and intangible assets, and a preliminary fair value of £23 milion to inventories acquired.

The measurement period to finalise the purchase price allocation concluded in 2024. The
finalisation led to a £3 milion increase in goodwill and other intangible assets and a £6 million
reduction in inventory assets during the year.

Disposals
There were no disposals material to the Group during 2024 and 2023.

30 Discontinued Operations

‘The expense in the current year from discontinued operations of £4 millon relates to interest
accruing on an uncertain tax position relating to the former RB Pharmaceuticals business (now
Indivior ple). The income in the prior year fom discontinued operations of £9 milion relates to the
Group's disposal of the RB Pharmaceuticals business (now Indivior pc).

31 Post Balance Sheet Events
There have been no events subsequent to the Balance Sheet date which require disclosure.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-BAC-E642367C9C84
‘Westege eet overance  rnsncatstatemente Urner mormaten

Recht Anal Repor and Accounts 2026

7

Five-Year Summary (Unaudited)

The five-year summary below is presented on an IFRS basis, The years ending 31 December 2020, 31 December 2021, 31 December 2022, 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2024 show the results for

continuing operations.

zoe 2023 202z 2021 2020
Income Statement _) om en ‘m fm ‘m

Net revenue 1410946074453 BA«B.99B

Operating profit(loss) 2425 ass 3,249 (@04)2160

Net finance (expenseyjincome Gay (30) a) sa7 (286)
Share of loss and impairment of equity-accounted investees, net of tax - - @ ® o
Profit/(oss) before income tax 2104 2aor 3067 (260) 1873

Income tax (chargeyeredit (or) (753) am 208 (72)
[Attributable to non-controling interests @ oy 9) Oy 9)
Net profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Parent Company from continuing operations 1.430 16342337 (63) 437

Balance Sheet

Net assets 6720 84699483 7453, 9359

Key Statistics - IFRS basis

Operating margin W% = 13% 225% 6m 154%

Diluted earnings per share, continuing 203.8p 2274p 32579. (88) 1593p

Declared total dividends per ordinary share 2021p 1925p 1833p_746p 1746p


Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C4B-406E-SBAC-E642367C9C84

‘eatoge repo ovemance. rane statements

Reckitt Anal Repor and Accounts 2028

8

Parent Company Balance Sheet
[As at 31 December 2024

Parent Company Statement of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 31 December 2024

share Retained total
2o2e 203 captel_— premium = eamings.——aguy
Note im im em ‘m mn ‘om
Fixed assets Balance att January 2023 7% 254621. «7289
Investments 2 15,248 15374 Comprehensive income
Current assets Profit forthe financial year - = 43s a3
Debtors due within one year 36 313 185 Total comprehensive income = = 4135 4.135
Debtors due after more than one year 46 8 14 Transactions with owners
321 799 Treasury shares reissued - - 48 48
Current abilities Purchase of ordinary shares by employee
Creditors due within one year 5.6 (90H (5.361) _ Share Ownership trust - - @ ®
‘Share repurchase liability 68 (477) (296) Repurchase of shares - - (503) (603)
Net current liabilities = 4.057) G,ase) _Share-based payments - - 6 ‘
Total assets less current liabilities TMI 8716. Capitalcontibutionn respect of share- 6 oe
ased payments - -
sions for labilites and char 7 e
Rosine or tebiiies end chess Tne ass Ceshivdends - = 033) 03)
let assets ; Z
me Total transactions with owners = = (14694) (1.694)
i
futy i vg lance at 51December 2023 ig asa 93622670
Stereo at comprenesive income
Serre gp frie acy - asso to
Sotoleaaiy qa Total comprehensive income = = 4280 «4,280
ty 690 Transactions with owners ,
Reckitt Benckiser Group ple has made a profit of £4,280 milion (2023: £4135 milion for the ‘Treasury shares reissued - - 3 3
financial year Purchase of ordinary shares by employee
The Financial Statements on pages 198-217 were approved by the Board of Directors and signed __-Sh&"e Ownership trust i - @ @
nits behalf on § March 2028 by Repurchase of shares - - 509) (4509)
Sir Jeremy Darroch Kris Licht Share-based payments - - " "
Director Director Capital contribution in respect of share
Reckitt Benckiser Group ple Reckitt Benckiser Group ple based payments - - 4 m4
Company Number: 06270876 Decision: Cash dividends = = 038) a3
Kris Licht Total transactions with owners = = (2.804) (2,804)
ris Lic Balance at 31 December 2024 74 2541083811166

Reckitt Benckiser Group plc has £9,912 million (2023: £8,521 milion) of its retained earnings
available for distribution. Details of Treasury shares and other equity transactions are included in

Note 24 of the Group Financial Statements,

Docusign Envelope ID: F54£C5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC.£642367C9C84

Munage reper boverance rangi! statements ‘Ure mornaton|

Reckitt Anosl Report and Accounts 2028 199

Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements

‘1 Parent Company Accounting Policies
‘The principal accounting policies are summarised below. They have all been applied consistently
throughout the year and the preceding year.

General information and basis of accounting

Reckitt Benckiser Group ple is a company incorporated in the United Kingdom, registered in
England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006, and is a public limited company. The address
Of the registered office is given on page 230.

‘The Company is the parent of the Reckitt Benckiser Group and its principal activity s to act as
a holding company for the Group. The nature of the Group's operations and its principal activities
are set out in the Strategic Report on pages 1-57.

Statement of compliance

‘The Financial Statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention and in
‘compliance with United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including Financial Reporting Standard
102, The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the United Kingdom and the Republic

of Ireland (FRS 102) and the Companies Act 2006.

The functional currency of Reckitt Benckiser Group plc is considered to be pounds sterling because
that is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the Company operates.

AAs permitted by $408 of the Companies Act 2006, a Statement of Comprehensive income
is not presented for Reckitt Benckiser Group ple

Going concern
Having assessed the principal risks and other matters discussed in connection with the Group's.
Viability Statement as set out on page 57 of the Group Annual Report, the Directors considered

it appropriate to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the Company Financial
‘Statements, When reaching this conclusion, the Directors took into account the Company's overall
financial position and exposure to principal risks.

Financial Reporting Standard 102 ~ Reduced Disclosure Exemptions

FRS 102 allows a qualifying entity certain disclosure exemptions, subject to certain conditions,

‘which have been complied with.

The Company has taken advantage of the following exemptions:

(© from preparing a Statement of Cash Flows, on the basis that its a qualifying entity and the
Group Cash Flow Statement, included in these Financial Statements, includes the Company's
cash flows; and

(id) from disclosing the Company key management personnel compensation, as required by FRS
102 paragraph 33.7

The Company's results are included in the publicly available consolidated Financial Statements

of Reckitt Benckiser Group plc and these Financial Statements may be obtained from 103-105

Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire SLI 3UH or at www.reckitt.com,

Foreign currency translation
Transactions denominated in foreign currencies are translated using exchange rates prevailing

at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement
of foreign currency transactions and from the translation at year end exchange rates of monetary
assets and labilties denominated in foreign currencies are recognised inthe Statement of
Comprehensive income.

Taxation
The tax charge/credit is based on the result for the year and takes into account taxation deferred
due to timing differences between the treatment of certain items for taxation and accounting
purposes. Deferred tax liabilities are provided for in full and deferred tax assets are recognised
to the extent that they are considered recoverable.

Anet deferred tax asset is considered recoverable if it can be regarded as more likely than not
that there will be suitable taxable profits against which to recover carried forward tax losses.
and from which the future reversal of underlying timing differences can be deducted.

Deferred tax is recognised in respect of all timing differences that have originated but not
reversed at the Balance Sheet date, where transactions or events that result in an obligation
to pay more tax in the future or a right to pay less tax in the future have occurred at the
Balance Sheet date.

Deferred tax is measured at the average tax rates that are expected to apply in the periods
in which the timing differences are expected to reverse, based on tax rates and laws that have
been enacted or substantively enacted by the Balance Sheet date. Deferred tax is measured
(on an unciscounted basis.

‘The Company has applied the temporary mandatory exception from accounting for deferred taxes
arising from the Pillar Two mode! rules as set out in ‘international Tax Reform - Fillar Two Model
Rules (Amendments to FRS 102)’ issued by the FRC in July 2023.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Weatege reper ovemance rmancis

Rechte Anus! Report and Accounts 2024 200,

Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements continued

‘Parent Company Accounting Policies continued

Fixed asset investments,

Fixed asset investments are stated at the lower of cost or their recoverable amount, which

is determined as the higher of net realisable value and value-in-use. A review of the potential
impairment of an investment is cartied out by the Directors if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of the investment may not be recoverable. Such impairment
reviews are performed in accordance with FRS 102 Section 27 ‘impaizment of assets

Employee share schemes
Incentives in the form of shares are provided to employees under equity-settled share option and
restricted share schemes, which have various combinations of market-based and non-market
performance conditions, service conditions, and non-vesting conditions.

The fair value determined at the award grant date takes into account the probability of any
relevant market-based performance conditions and non-vesting conditions being satisfied and is
subsequently expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Company's.
estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest. Ths estimate takes into account the
expected outcome for relevant non-market performance conditions and service conditions but
assumes satisfaction of all market-based performance conditions and non-vesting conditions. At
teach Balance Sheet date, the Company revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments
expected to vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, i any, is ecognised in the
Statement of Comprehensive Income such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to equity reserves,

Additional employer costs, including social security taxes, in respect of options and awards are
charged to the Statement of Comprehensive Income over the same period with a corresponding
liability recognised,

The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary
undertakings in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services
received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period
{as an increase to investment in subsidiary undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity

in the Company Financial Statements.

Financial instruments,

‘The Company recognises financial instruments when it becomes a party to the contractual
obligations of the instrument.

() Financial assets
Basic financial assets are initially recognised at transaction price, unless the arrangement
Constitutes a financing transaction, where the transaction is measured at the present value
Of the future receipts. Such assets are subsequently carried at amortised cost.

[At the end of each reporting period financial assets measured at amortised cost are assessed for
objective evidence of impairment. If an asset is impaired the impairment loss isthe difference
between the carrying amount and the present value ofthe estimated cash flows discounted at
the asset's origina effective interest rate. The impairment loss is recognised in comprehensive
‘income or expense.

Financial assets are derecognised when (a) the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
‘expire or are settled, or (b) substantially all the risks and rewards of the ownership of the asset are
transferred to another party, or (c) control of the asset has been transferred to another party who
has the practical ability to unilaterally sell the asset to an unrelated third party without imposing
additional restrictions.

(i) Financial abilities
Basic financial abilities, including loans from fellow Group companies, are initially recognised

at transaction price, unless the arrangement constitutes a financing transaction, where the

‘debt instrument is measured at the present value of future payments. Debt instruments are
subsequently carried at amortised cost

Financial liabilities are derecognised when the liability is extinguished, that is when the contractual
obligation is discharged, cancelled or expires.

(ii) Derivative Financial Instruments

Derivatives, including forward foreign exchange contracts, are not basic financial instruments.
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into
and subsequently remeasured at their fair value.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
‘Weatege reper eovemance nasneis statements Umer ormaton

Reckitt Anus! Repor and Accounts 2024 201

Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements continued

1 Parent Company Accounting Policies continued

Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a
result of past events; itis more likely than not that there willbe an outflow of resources to settle
that obligation; and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions are valued at the present
value of the Directors’ best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the
Balance Sheet date. Where its possible that a settlement may be reached or itis not possible
to make a reliable estimate of the estimated financial impact, appropriate disclosure is made
bbut no provision recognised.

Where @ company enters into a financial guarantee contract to guarantee the indebtedness
of other companies within its Group, the Company treats the guarantee contract as a contingent
liability until such a time as it becomes probable that the Company will be required to make

‘a payment under the guarantee,

Share capital transactions
When the Company purchases equity share capital, the amount of the consideration paid,
including directly attributable costs, is recognised as a charge to equity. Purchased shares are
either held in Treasury in order to satisfy employee options, or cancelled and, in order to maintain
capital, an equivalent amount to the nominal value of the shares cancelled is transferred from
retained earnings

Repurchase and reissuance of ordinary shares
‘When shares recognised as equity are repurchased, the amount of the consideration paid,
including directly attributable costs, is eecognised as a charge to equity. Repurchased shares

are classified as Treasury shares and are presented in retained earnings. When Treasury shares are
sold or reissued subsequently, the amount received is recognised as an increase in equity and the
resulting surplus is presented within share premium.

Dividend distribution
Dividends to owners of the Parent Company are recognised as a liability in the period in which
the dividends are approved by the Company's shareholders. Interim dividends are recorded

in the period in which they are approved and paid.

Accounting estimates and judgements
In preparing these Financial Statements, management has made judgements and estimates that
affect the application of the Company's accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, income and expenses. Actual amounts and results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision
affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods ifthe revision affects
both current and future periods.

Key sources of estimation uncertainty

Each year, management is required to make a number of assumptions regarding the future.

The related year-end accounting estimates will by definition, seldom equal the final actual results.
The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing @ material adjustment to
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.

Tax provisions
Current tax liabilities include an amount of £245 million (2023: £156 milion) relating to uncertain
tax positions in respect of tax deductibility of management expenses. The exposure recognised,
is calculated based on the expected value method and the most likely amount method.

The accounting estimates end judgements considered include:

+ status of the unresolved matter;

+ Clarity of relevant legislation and related guidance;

+ advice from related party specialists and unrelated third parties;

+ range of possible outcomes; and

+ statute of limitations,

‘The recognition of uncertain tax positions is reviewed regularly for changes in circumstances and,
estimates are updated as potential resolutions for the tax uncertainties are encountered through
specific audits or wider case law. AS a result, given the size, possible range of outcomes and.
timing of resolution, there is a significant risk of material adjustment to the aggregate carrying
amount of these liabilities within the next financial year.

Legal provisions
The Company recognises legal provisions in line with the Company's provisions policy. The level

Cf provisioning in relation to civil and/or criminal investigations is an area where management

‘and legal judgement is important, with individual provisions being based on best estimates of

the probable loss, considering all available information, external advice and historical experience.
{As at 31 December 2024, the Company recognised legal provisions of £25 milion (2023: £26 milion)
in relation to a number of historical regulatory matters. Refer to Note 7 of the Company Financial
Statements for further information,

The Company's Directors are of the opinion that there are no other judgements and no further key
sources of estimation uncertainty in applying the Company's accounting policies.

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84
\yemege repo = woverance.  rnanca fatementsuinerinformavon

Rechte Anal Ropor and Accounts 2028 202

Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements continued

2 Investments
Cost

At January 2023 15078
‘Adgitions during the year 96
‘At31 December 2023 15,174
Additions during the year m4
At31December 2024 15,248
Provision for impairment

At 1 January 2023, -
‘At31 December 2024 :
Net book value

‘At 31 December 2023 15174
At31December 2024 15,248

The Directors believe that the carrying value of the investments is supported by their underlying
net assets.

The subsidiary undertakings as at 31 December 2024, all of which are included in the Group
Financial Statements, are shown in Note 12 of the Company Financial Statements,

With the exception of Reckitt Benckiser Limited, none of the subsidiaries are directly held
by Reckitt Benckiser Group plc. All subsidiaries have a financial year ending 31 December with
the exception of: Reckitt Benckiser (India) Private Limited, Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare India
Private Limited, Mead Johnson Nutrition (India) Private Limited and Reckitt Piramal Private Limited
which have a year ending 31 March; Scholl Latin America Limited which has a year ending 4 March;
Reckitt Benckiser Health Kenya Limited which has a year ending 30 April; Reckitt Benckiser
(Czech Repubiic) spol. s ro which has a year ending 31 May; Lloyds Pharmaceuticals which

has a year ending 24 August and RBHCR Health Reckitt Costa Rica Sociedad Anénima which

has a year ending 30 September.

‘Additions during the year, and in 2023, relate to the grant by the Company of options over
its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary undertakings in the Group.

3 Debtors Due Within One Year

2024 2023
fm fm
‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings 307 18
Other debtors : 6 1
313 385

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings are unsecured, interest free and are repayable on demand
(2023: same)

4 Debtors Due After More Than One Year

2024 2023
im fm
Deferred tax assets 2 1
Other debtors 6 B
8 4

Deferred tax assets consist of short-term timing differences.

5 Creditors Due Within One Year

2028 2023
Em Em
‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings 3,639 5,196)
Taxation and social security 246 197
Derivative liabilities 1 1
Other creditors 6 7
3,901 5361

Included in the amounts owed to Group undertakings is an amount of £3,613 milion (2023: £5,123
milion) which is unsecured, carries interest at the official SONIA fallback rate and is repayable

‘on demand (2023: interest at the official ISDA fallback rate and is repayable on demand). All other
amounts owed to Group undertakings are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are repayable

‘on demand (2023: same)

Included within taxation and social security creditors is an amount recognised in respect of.
uncertain tax positions may take several years to resolve (Note 1). Notwithstanding this, the
presentation of corporation tax liabilities has been assessed to reflect that there is not an
‘unconditional right to defer settlement of these liabilities and the carrying amount of £245 milion
(2023: £156 milion) has been presented as a current liability.


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

\istege pon | uovernance rnc statements tne mormaton Reckitt Anus Report and Accounts 2024 203
Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements continued
6 Financial instruments Provisions have been analysed between current and non-current as follows:
2008 2023 2008 2008

fm fn ‘cn ‘t=
Financial assets measured at amortised cost Turent 25 %
‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings 307 178 Non-current - -
Other debtors - current and non-current 2 20 25 26

319 198
Francalnabiiier Provisions relate to legal provisions in relation to a number of historical matters.
Derivative financial instruments measured at fair value 8 Share Capital
through profit or loss quty —Womina
Derivative abilities o o ordinary valve
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost ‘sawed and fully psd sree fn
“Amounts owed to Group undertakings (3,639) (5196) At 31 December 2023 736535179 4
Share repurchase liability «7 (296) At 31December 2024 736,535,179 74
Other payables. = 7) The holders of ordinary shares (par value 10 pence) are entitled to receive dividends as declared

(4.17) (6.500) from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Parent Company.
Dividends proposed and paid are disclosed in Note 28 of the Group Financial Statements.
7 Provisions for Liabilities and Charges The allotment of ordinary shares and release of Treasury shares are disclosed in Note 24
saget otat of the Group Financial Statements.
Provisions provisions In addition, the Company announced a share buyback programme also disclosed in Note 24
of the Group Financial Statements.

‘AL January 2023 4a aa :
Charged ote Statement of Comerenensive come ; 1 There were vactons wield partes te than what ned camps tin
Uitilsed during the year 8) (8) the Group
Released to the Statement of Comprehensive Income o o
‘At 31 December 2023 26 26
Charged to the Statement of Comprehensive Income 1 1 .
Uitised during the year o o
Released to the Statement of Comprehensive Income o o
‘At 31December 2024 25 25


Docusign Envélope 1D: F54CSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Sinope reper woverancepMnancalstatements Une ermatin Reckitt Aral Report and Accounts 2024 204

Notes to the Parent Company Financial Statements continued

10 Contingent Liabilities

The Company has issued a guarantee to the trustees of the Reckitt Benckiser Pension Fund
covering the obligations of certain UK subsidiaries of the Group who'are the sponsoring employers
Of the UK defined benefit pension fund. The guarantee covers any amounts due to the pension
fund from these subsidiaries if they fail to meet their pension obligations.

The Company issued a guarantee on behalf of Reckitt Benckiser Treasury Services ple in relation to
the issuance of a $2,500 milion bond (2023: $4,500 milion bond), made up of one tranche of
‘$2,500 million (2023: one tranche of $2,500 million and one tranche of $2,000 milion). The
Company has issued a further guarantee in relation to the issuance of a £500 million bond (2023:
same), Details are included in Note 15 of the Group Financial Statements.

The Company also issued a guarantee on behalf of Reckitt Benckiser Treasury Services plc in
relation to the issuance of a €1,400 milion bond, made up of one tranche of €750 milion and one
tranche of €650 million (2023: same). The Company has issued a further guarantee in relation to
the issuance of a £300 milion bond (2023: same). Details are included in Note 15 of the Group
Financial Statements,

During the year, the Company issued a guarantee on behalf of Reckitt Benckiser Treasury Services
plc in relation to the issuance of a €900 million bond. The Company has issued a further guarantee
in relation to the issuance of a £300 millon bond. Details ae included in Note 1S of the Group
Financial Statements.

During the year, the Company continued to provide a guarantee on behalf of Reckitt Benckiser
Treasury Services plc in relation to issuance of commercial paper under a USD-denominated
$8,000 milion commercial paper programme and a €3,000 million euro commercial paper
programme. Details ae included in Note 15 of the Group Financial Statements.

The Company issued a guarantee on behalf of Reckitt Benckiser Treasury Services plc in relation to
committed borrowing facilities totaling £4,450 milion (2023: £4,500 million) Details ofthe facilities
ate included in Note 15 of the Group Financial Statements

‘The Company issued a guarantee on behalf of Mead Johnson Nutrition Company in relation to
outstanding senior notes of $1,550 milion (2023: same) issued by Mead Johnson Nutrition Company
prior to acquisition. The senior notes consist of one tranche of $750 milion, one tranche of $$00
million and one tranche of $300 milion (2023: same).

‘The Company has also issued a guarantee on behalf of Reckitt Benckiser Treasury Services
(Nederland) BV in relation to the issuance of two €850 millon bonds (2023: same). Details are
included in Note 15 of the Group Financial Statements

The Company has provided a guarantee to certain subsidiary undertakings to exempt them from
audit under Section 479a of the Companies Act 2006. The companies to which a guarantee has
been issued for this purpose are highlighted in Note 12.

Other contingent liabilities are disclosed in Note 20 of the Group Financial Statements,

11 Post Balance Sheet Events
There are no events subsequent to the Balance Sheet date that require disclosure,

Doct Ee FES JOAISE SAC EOUTCRCM

Recht Anal Repor and Accounts 2024 205

Subsidiary Undertakings

Key: in iquidation +

12 Subsidiary Undertakings

In accordance with section 409 of the Companies Act 2006 (CA 2006) and schedule 4 of The
Large and Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008, 2 full
list of related undertakings as at 31 December 2024 is disclosed below. All undertakings are.
indirectly owned by Reckitt Benckiser Group pic, unless otherwise stated. All shares detailed
below are 100% owned, unless specified otherwise. The percentage held by the Group reflects
both the proportion of nominal capital and voting rights unless stated otherwise.

From time to time, management reviews the Group structure and seeks to remove redundant,
dormant or non-trading entities. During the year ended 31 December 2024, six legal entities were
dissolved, liquidated or otherwise disposed of (2023: five legal entities). The removal of legal
entities ultimately allows management to focus on the core business, reduces compliance
obligations and costs, and improves transparency of the Group to external parties,

All subsidiary undertakings of Reckitt Benckiser Group pic are included in the consolidated
Financial Statements of the Group.

Registered address county different to country of registration Branch #

Overall %ownes by

Entity name Key Group, ifnot100% _ share class name(s)

Bahrain

Building 330, Road 1506, Block 1, Bahrain International Investment Pork, Hidd. Kingdom of
Bobrain, Bahrain

Reckitt Benckiser Bahrain W.LL Ordinary
jangladesh

‘58-59 Nosirabad industrial Areo, Chittagong 4209, Bangladesh

Reckitt Benckiser (Bangladesh) PLC 8296122751 Ordinary

Belarus

Overall % owned by
Entty name Key _Group,ifnot 00% _ sh Of 166, 66, K Liebknekhto st, Minsk, 220036, Belorus

Reckitt Benckiser BY LLC Charter Capital
Argentina
Bucorelli 2608 PB ‘A’, Ciudad Autonoma de Buenos Aires, Argentino Belgium
Reckitt Benckiser Argentina S.A. ‘Ordinary 29 allée de lo Recherche, 1070 Anderlecht, Belgium
Reckitt Benckiser Health Argentina S.A. ‘Ordinary RB Hygiene Home Belgium SA Ordinary

Reckitt Benckiser (Belgium) SA/NV ‘Ordinary
Australia
King & Wood Mallesons, ‘Governor Philip Tower’ Level 61,1 Forrer Place, Sydney NSW 2000, Australio. Bermuda
Mead Johnson Nutrition (Australia) Pty Ltd. Ordinary Clarendon House, Church Street, Homilton HMM, Bermuda
Level 47, 680 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Austratio. Suffolk insurance Limited ‘Common/Equity
RB (Hygiene Home) Australia Pty Limited Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser (Australia) Pty Limited Orcinary. Preference Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare Australia Pty Limited Ordinary 257 tte Falls Drive, Wilmington DE 19808, United States
SSL Australia Pty Ltd Ordinary Mead Johnson Nutrition Venezuela SCA “0 -

‘Avenido Moro con Calle San José, Centro Comercial Macaracuay Plaza, Nivel C3, Locales 5 y 12.
Austria Urb. Colinas de la California, Caracas, Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
Gugigasse 15, 1710, Vienno, Austrio Reckitt Benckiser Venezuela S.A, ‘Ordinary
RB Hygiene Home Austria GmbH (Ordinary Urb, Las Mercedes, Av. Orinoco cruce con Mucuchies Torre Nordic, Piso 1, Oficina Ty 2, Municipio
Reckitt Benckiser Austria GmbH Ordinary B0ruta Caracas, Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela

. Mead Johnson Nutrition Venezuela, S.C.A. Partnership

Bahamas Interest
€/0 103-105 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire SL1 3UH, United Kingdom
Scholl Latin America Limited 0 Ordinary

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘yrstepe eporwovemance.  rinancastatementt Utne ntormavon

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 206

Subsidiary Undertakings continued

Key: Inliquidation + Registered address country different to country of registration @ Branch #

Overall % owned by

Overall% owned by

Entity name. Key Group, ifnat100% __shareclass name(s) Entity name Key Group, if not 100% Share class name(s)
Brazil Bulgaria

‘Av Guarapari, S/N, Golpoo! - Modulos 05 Ao M4cond Log Vianaii Bus/Pork, Viono, Es, 29136-344, 22 Zloten rog Street, Floor 3, Office 4, District of Lozenets, City of Sofio, Bulgaria

Brozit Reckitt Benckiser Romania, representative office * :

Reckitt Benckiser (Brasil) Comercial de Produtos de * -

Hygiene, Limpeza e Cosméticos Ltda. ~ Branch Viana canada

‘Ay. Portugal, n° 1700, Setor Rua 6 Parte AI2, Bairro itaqui, opevi, Sd0 Poulo, 0696-060, Brazil
Reckitt Benckiser Health Comercial Ltda. * :

‘Avenida Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, n° 1909, 24° andar, Porte B, Torre Norte, Condominio S60
Paulo Corporate Towers, Vilo Novo Conceicéo, $00 Paulo ~ SP, CEP 04,543-907, Brozil

Suite 600, 1741 Lower Water Street, Halifax NS 83 0,2, Conada

Mead Johnson Nutrition (Canada) Co. Common/Equity

Suite 2300, 550 Burard Street, Voncouver BC V6C 285, Conado

RB Health (Canada) Inc. Commonjéquity

‘Mead Johnson do Brasil Comércio e Importacao de Ordinary

Produtos de Nutricao Ltda. 1680 Tech Avenue, Unit 2, Mississougo ON L4W 559, Conado,

Reckitt Benckiser (Brasil) Comercial de Produtos de Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser (Canada) Inc. Common/Equity
Hygiene, Limpeza e Cosméticos Ltda.

Reckitt Benckiser Health Comercial Ltda Ordinary Caymanislands

Est Dono Moria Jose Ferraz Prado, 1481, Cond Dist. Park Embu, Brazil

PO Box 308, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KYT-TI04, Cayman Islands

Reckitt Benckiser (Brasil) Comercial de Produtos de * -
Hygiene, Limpeza e Cosméticos Ltda. - Branch
Embu

Estm Mario Morgorido Pinto Done Belinho, 742, Golpa03, Bloco VA, Brazil
Reckitt Benckiser (Brasil) Comercial de Produtos de * -

Reckitt Benckiser (Cayman islands) Limited Ordinary

Chile

‘Avenida Presidente Kennedy Loteral 5454, Oficina 1602, Vitocuro, Regién Metropolitano, Chile

Hygiene, Limpeza e Cosméticos Ltda. - Branch Reckitt Benckiser Chile S.A. Ordinary
Extrema

Rod Dom Gabriel Paulino Bueno Couto, 1606, Brazil China

Reckitt Benckiser (Brasil) Lida - Branch Itupeva * : B01, Suite 401, Unit 2, No. 9 Dongdaqiao Road, Chaoyang District, Bejing. China

Rod Governador Mario Covos, 7270, KM 264 Porte RB, Serro/ES, Brozil RB (China) Holding Co. Limited Capital
Reckitt Benckiser (Brasil) Comercial de Produtos de * - Contribution

Hygiene, Limpeza e Cosméticos Ltda. - Branch Serra

‘Room 101 102,103, 2F, AF ond SF. Bulcing 43, No. 1015, Tonlin Rood, Minhong District, Shanghai Chino

Ruo Vereador Germano Luiz Vieira, 500, Armozém 3, Sola 17, Bairro Itajpave, Itojal, Sonto
Catarino, 88316-701, Brazil

Mead Johnson Do Brasil Comércio ElmportacgoDe* -
Produtos De Nutricao Ltda,

Rodovia Raposo Tavares, 8015 km 18, Jardim Arpoador, Sao Paolo, CEP 05577-900, Brazil

‘RB (Shanghai) Technology Co, Lito Ordinary
6-8 Site 6F, No.333 Futexi Rood, Woigoogioo Free Trade Zone, Shanghai City, Chino
Reckitt Benckiser Home Chemical Products Trading ‘Ordinary

(Shanghai) Co. Limited

Ketian Aquatic Science and Technology Industrial Pork, No. 3949 Kunlunshan Avenue, Lanzhou

Fenla industria, Comercio e Administragao Ltda ‘Ordinary New Areo, Lanzhou City, Gansu Province, Chino

Reckitt Benckiser (Brasi) Lida ‘Ordinary Lanzhou Keshi xinil Healthcare Technologies Co. Ltd 80 Ordinary
Estrada Fukutaro Yido, n. 930, Bairro Cooperativo, Sao Bernardo Do Campo, Sae Paulo, 09852- No. 3, Canglian 100d, ETD2, Guangzhou, Chino

060, Brozit Reckitt & Colman (Guangzhou) Limited Ordinary

‘Apenas Boa Nutri¢&o Indistria de Alimentos Ltda. Ordinary


‘Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

eatege pot overance nance! statemens Uoner Wrermauen

Rechte Annual Report and Accounts 2028 207

Subsidiary Undertakings continued

Branch #

Key: Inliquidation + Registered address country different to country of registration

Entity name key Enityname share classname)
No. 34 Eost Bejing Rood, ngzhou, Hubel 43400), Chino BHR Health Reckitt Costa Rica Sociedad Common/Equity
Reckitt Benckiser Household Products (China) Capital Anénima_
Company Limited Contribution Reckitt Benckiser (Centroamérica) SA Ordinary
No. 98, Changjiang De Rood, Fugioo Town, Taicang City, Chine
(Suzhou) Co. Lid Capital Croatia
Contribution fico Grado Vukovara 2690, 10 000 Zagreb, Hrvatska, Croatio
No.-13 Shangme, Aodong Road, High-tech Industrial Development Zone, Gingdoe City, Shondong Reckitt Benckiser d.00 Oninary
Province, Chino
Qingdao London Durex Co, Limited Orcnaty Cyprus
Girosee New Bdge Corporate Meregement Ordinary Lomas Saas BC. PS nota Gans
oom 1605, No.660 Shongcheng Rood, Pudong District, Shanghai City China Gainbridge Investments (Cypr) Limited Ordinary
SSL Healthcare (Shanghai) Limited Ordinary
Room 1701, No. 1033, Zhao Jio Bang Road, Xuhui District, Shanghai, China ‘Czech Republic
2B & Monon Business Co. Limited 0 Topitar — Vibohredské 2626/151, 130 00 Proho 3:Zitkow, Czech Republic
Contribution _RB (Hygiene Home) Czech Republic, spol. s£.0. Ordinary

Room 2109, Floor 2, No10 Chaoyangmenwai Street, Chooyang District, Bejing City Chino Reckit Benckiser (Ceech Republic sol 5.0. General Partner]
Tai He Tai Lai Culture Communication Co Limited Pornershie
‘Moker Space No.3, Building A3, Double Innovation Center, No.2 Shuguang Rood, Economic ond
Technological Development Zone, Jingzhou City Hubei Province, Chino Denmark
RB & Manon Business Co, Ltd Jingzhou Branch ___*
Unit 4205-4210, 42F, Gatewoy Building Hongqiao Road 3#, Xuhui District, Shanghai, Chino Vonattarnsve) 83, 2860, Saborg, Denmork
RB (China) Holding Co. Ltd Shanghai Branch * - RB Health Nordic A/S. Ordinary

2B Hygiene Home Nordic A/S Ordinary
Colombia

Calle 76 No 11-17, Edificio Torre, Los Nogoles Piso 2, Bogoto, CO, Colombio

‘Mead Johnson Nutrition Colombia Lida ‘Ordinary
RB (Health) Colombia SAS. Ordinary
Carrera 6 #45-105, Coli, Colombio

Reckitt Benckiser Colombia S.A Ordinary

Costa Rica

‘Son Jose-Escozu En Escozu Corporate Center, Setimo Piso, Costado Sur De Multiploza Escozu,
Costa Rico

Dominican Republic

‘Av. Winston Churchill No. 1099 Torre Acropolis, Piso 12, Santo Domingo, Republic Dominicana

Mead Johnson Nutrition (Dominicana) S.A. * -

Ecuador

‘Av Corufon27-88 y Orellana, Edificio Corufta Plaza 7mo Piso, Quito, 170150, Ecuador

RB Health Ecuador Cia, Lida ‘Ordinary

Oficina 4C, Av 12 de Octubre, #26-48 y Orellana, Edificio Mirage, Piso 4, Quito, 170525, Ecuador

Reckitt Benckiser Ecuador S.A, ‘Ordinary


umegerepet ovemance rnanci statements

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Anns! Report and Accounts 2024 208

Subsidiary Undertakings continued

Key: In liquidation +

Registered address country different to country of registration @

Branch #

Overall % owned by

Overall % owned by

Entityname key “Group, ttnot 00% _Shareclassname(s)__ Entity name Key Group. inet 00% _ Share cass namets)
Reckitt Benckiser Deutschland GmbH CommonyEquity
Egypt Reckitt Benckiser Holding GmbH & Co KG Capital
Polyom Building, 22 Off Road 90, Fifth District, Fifth Settlement, New Cairo, Cairo, Egypt Contibution
Reckitt Benckiser Egypt Limited Ordinary Heinestrosse 9, 69469, Weinheim, Germany
Building AY, Second Floor Plot #ATABO?, Cairo Festivol City First District, Fifth Settlement, New Kukident GmbH Commonyequity
Cairo, Cairo, Egypt Robert-Koch-StraBe 1, 69715, Heidelberg, Germony
Reckitt Benckiser Hygiene Home Egypt Limited Ordinary _Propack Produkte fur Haushalt und Korperpfiege Ordinary
GmbH
Estonia Reckitt Benckiser Global REO GmbH Common/Equity
Horju mackond, Rae vald, Roe kilo, Roekilo tee 5, 75310, Estonia
Reckitt Benckiser (Latvia) SIA Eesti filiaal * - Greece
7 Toki Kovolierotou Street, Kifssio, 45 64, Greece
Finland Reckitt Benckiser Hellas Healthcare S.A, ‘Ordinary
Itsehallintokuja 6, 02600 Espoo, Finland Reckitt Benckiser Hellas Hygiene Home SA Ordinary
RB Health Nordic A/S sivlike Suomessa *
RB Hygiene Home Nordic A/S, sivulike Suomessa : Guernsey
1st ond 2nd Floors, Elizabeth House, Les Ruettes Broyes, t Peter Port, GYTTEW, Guernsey
France Reckitt Benckiser Holdings (Channel Islands) Limited Bonus, Ordinary
38 rue Victor Bosch- 91300 Mossy, Fronce
‘Airwick Industrie SAS Ordinary Heng Kong
2B Holding Europe Du Sud SAS Ordinary ROOM 200), 20/h, Greenfield Tower, Concordia Plaza, No. Science Museum Road, Tsim Sho Tsui
Kowloon, Hong Kong
Se Hugrene Home France SAS Qrcinaty ag & Manon Business Limited 90 Ordinary
ee Orcinary RB & Manon Hygiene Home Limited 80 ‘Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser Healtheare France SAS Ordinary
w02 rue de Sours 28000, ChortiesFronce Rooms 2206-1122 Floor, Chubb Tower, Windsor House, 37 Gloucester Rood, Couseway Bay, Hong Kong
echt Benciicer Charttos SAS Secnay_ Ueidon temationa Trading (Asi) Limited Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser Hong Kong Limited Ordinary
Germany
Dorwinsosse 2-4, Ts, Heelbarg, Germany Hungary
RB Hygiene Home Deutschland GmbH Capitar — Bocskol ut 134-146, Budopest, H-173, Hungary
Contribution 8B (Hygiene Home) Hungary Kit Ordinary
Reckitt & Colman Sagrotan TommonfEquity Reckitt Benckiser Kereskedelmi Kft General Partner]
Verwaltungsgeselischaft GmbH Partnership interest
Reckitt Benckiser Detergents GmbH Ordinary _RECKitt Benckiser Tatabanya Kft Ordinary


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘wwatape reper wovernancernancarstatements "Umer Wrermaven

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 209

Subsidiary Undertakings continued

Key: Inliquidation + Registered address county different to countty of registration @ Branch #

Overal% owned by

Overall % owned by

6th Floor, 2 Grand Canal Squore, Dublin 2, Ireland
Reckitt Benckiser (India) Private limited CommonjEquity a Hangar Street, PO Box 6440, 1, Neve Nee'™man B, Hod Hashoron, 457703, israel
Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare India Private Limited 99999934 Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser (Near East) Limited ‘Ordinary
Unit No. 54, Sth Floor, Kolpotoru Square, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai, Maharashtra,
Jl. Raya Narogong, Chamber A., Kel. Pasirangin, Kec Cileungsi,, Kab. Bogor. Provinsi. Jawa Barat, Reckitt Benckiser Hokings (tals) Sl Quote.
Treasury Tower 58th Floor, District 8, SCBD, Jalon Jendral Sudirman Kav 52-53, Jakarta, 12190, Japan
PT Mead Johnson Indonesia 901 Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser Asia Pacific Limited * -

Treasury Tower 59th Floor, District 8, SCBD, Jalan Jendral Sudirman Kav 52-53, Jokarto, 12190,

141-0022, Japon

Indonesia Reckit Benckiser Japan Ud Orcinary
#. Reckitt Benckiser Hygiene Home Indonesia Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser Hygiene Home Trading indonesia Ordinary Jersey
144 Esplonode, St Helier, E4906, Jersey

Islamic Republic of Iran SSL Capital Limited Ordinary
1st Floor, unit Tl, No.88 Baron Building, Sayed Rood, Opposite Mellat Pork, Voli-e-Asr Avenue, TFC, St Helier, JE1 ST, Je3@
Tehran, islamic Republic of iran Reckitt & Colman (Jersey) Limited Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser Pars PJSC Ordinary Reckitt & Colman Capital Finance Limited ‘Ordinary-A,

Ordinaty-8
Ireland Reckitt Benckiser Jersey (io) Limited Ordinary
fo THF Group, Ground Floor, Two DacKland Centro, Guid Steet, North Dock, Dublin, DOTK2CS, _‘Reckit Benckiser Jersey (No) Limited Ordinary
trelond Reckit Benckiser Jersey (No) Limited Ordinary,
DorincourtHokings(veland) Limited Ordinary Redeemable
Reckitt Benckiser lelandLinited Ordinay Preference - Cass
Reckitt Benckiser Management Services Unlimited Ordinary-A, B, C, D, ACD
Company ERGHIIK


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘image repo wovemance "mance eatementt‘oiner mrormavon

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 210

Subsidiary Undertakings continued
Key: Inquidation +

Overall% owned by

Registered address county different to country of registration @

Branch

Overall % owned by

Entity name. Key Group, ifnat 100% Share class name(s) Entity name Key Group, ifmot 100% share class name(s)

Reckitt Benckiser Investments (No. 8) Sarl Ordinary
Kazakhstan Reckitt Benckiser S.8.1 Ordinary-A
Bid. 15/A, Koktem-1, Almaty, 050040, Kazakhstan Reigate Square Holdings Sr Ordinary

Reckitt Benckiser Health Kazakhstan LLP Charter Capital Reckitt Benckiser NY. = :
Office 302, Building 150, Koktem-), Micro District, Reckitt Benckiser Holdings (USA) Limited * :
Almoty City, Kozakhston
Reckitt Benckiser Kazakhstan LLP Ordinary Malaysia

Level 7, Menara Milenium, Jaton Domaniela, Pusat Bandar Domansara Domansora Heights 50490,
Kenya Kuolo Lumpur, W.P, Malaysia
Plot 209/2462, Likoni Rood, Noirobi Kenya Mead Johnson Nutrition (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd ‘Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser East Africa Limited 9998990909 Ordinary —_RB (Health) Malaysia Sdn Bho ‘Ordinary
14 Riverside Drive, Arlington Building, 3rd Floor, Noifobi, 209/19, Kenyo Reckitt Benckiser (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd ‘Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser Health Kenya Limited Ordinary
1R.NO.1870//569, 2nd Floor, Apollo Centre, Ring Road Westlands, Kenyo Mexico
Reckitt Benckiser Services (Kenya) Limited Ordinary Av de los Gronjos 972, Col. Sonto Barbora, Azcopotzatco, CDMK, 02230, Mexico

Manufactura MIN, S. de RL. de CV. Ordinary
Latvia ‘Av. Bjrcito Nacional Wo. 769, Corporative Miyano Torre 8, Piso 6, Alcoldio Miguel Hidalgo, Colonia
StrBinieku ielo TA 2, Rigo, LV-1010, Lotvio Sonoda, CP 1520, Mexico
Reckitt Benckiser (Latvia) SIA Ordinary Head Jonson Nuticionales de México, S de RL Ordinary
Lithuania RB Health México, S.A. de CV. Orsay
Vilnious mi. sav. Vilnious m. Olimpietiy g. 14, Lithuania 3 Heath Serioea SA de CX. Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser (Latvia) SIA LT filalas *o - Reckitt Benckiser Mexico, S.A. de CV. Ordinary - Fixed

Variable

Luxembourg Servicios Nuticionales Mead Johnson Se RL. de CV. Ordinary
‘LRue de lo Poudrerie, Leudelonge, L-3364, Luxembour, Calzado de Tlaipan No. 2996, Col. Ex Hacienda Coapa, Del. Coyoacén, Cd. de México, C.P.
Canterbury Square Holdings $.8.1 ‘Ordinary-A 04980, Mexico
RB Holdings (Luxembourg) $.8.1 ‘Ordinary-A_ RB Salute Mexico S.A. de CV. Ordinary
RB Holdings Luxembourg (2018) $.8.41 Ordinary Circuito Dr Gustavo Baz, 7, No. 7, Frocc Industrial El Pedregal, Atizapan de Zoragoza, Edomex, Mexico
Reckitt Benckiser Investments (No. 1) $..t1 Ordinary _- Reckitt Benckiser Services S.A. de CV. Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser Investments (No. 2) S.8.ct Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser vestments (No. 4) $.8.1 Ordinary Meroceo
Reckitt Benckiser Investments (No. 5)S.8.1 ‘Ordinary 59 Boulevard Zerktouni, Residence Les Fleurs 6eme étage, Casablanca, Morocco
Reckitt Benckiser Investments (NO. 7) 5.8. Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser Morocco SARL/AU Ordinary


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘yustope pox woverance.  rnanei statements Utne oematon|

Reckitt Aroal Report and Accounts 2028 211

Subsidiary Undertakings continued

Key: Inliquidation + Registered address country different to country of registration @ Branch #

Overall % owned by

Overall% own

by

Entity name Key “Group. itnot 100% _Sharecasename(s) _Entityname Key “Group.itnot 100% _ Share cass name(s)
Reckitt Benckiser Oven Cleaners BV ‘Ordinary

Netherlands Reckitt Benckiser Power Cleaners BV. ‘Ordinary

225 North Canal Street, Floar 25, Chicago Il 60606, United States Reckitt Benckiser Tiret BV. ‘Ordinary

Mead Johnson One CV. ° Membership Reckitt Benckiser Vanish BY. Ordinary
Interest_ Schiphol Boulevord 267, 178, BH Schiphol, Netherlands

Mead Johnson Two CV. ° Membership Reckitt Benckiser (ENA) BV. Ordinary
interest Reckitt Benckiser Treasury Services (Nederland) BV. Ordinary

‘Sirusdreef 14, 2132 WT, Hoofddorp, The Netherlands

Beleggingsmaatschappij Lemore BY. Ordinay New zealand

Cenwrl Squere Hoksng BY. Orcinary_ 2 Fred Thomos Drive, okopune, Auckland, 0622, New Zealand

Grosvenor Square Holcing BV. Orcinary RB (Hygiene Home) New Zealand Limited Ordinary

Hamol Wt Bw. Qrcinary Reckitt Benckiser (New Zealand) Limited Ordinary

Maddison Square Holding BY. Ordinary Fo Nowe doslond uve Capital

MUN Global Holdings BV. Ordinary Contabution

‘MUN Holdings (Netherlands) BY. Ordinary

"MUN Innovation Services BV. Ordinary Nigeria

‘New Bridge Holdings BV. Ordinary 12,Tith Floor Heritage Place, 21 Lugard Avenue ikoyi Lagos State, Nigeria

RB Hygiene Home Netherlands BV Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser Nigeria Limited Ordinary

RB LATAM Holding BV. Ordinary

RBNL Brands BV. Ordinary Norway

Reckitt Benckiser (South America) Holding BV. Ordinary Henrik losens gate 60A, 0255 Oslo, Norway

Reckitt Benckiser (Spain) BY. Ordinary RB Health Nordic, NUF . =

Reckitt Benckiser Brands Investments BV. "Ordinary RB Hygiene Home Nordic NUF + 7

Reckitt Benckiser Calgon BV Ordinary

Reckitt Benckiser Fabric Treatment BV. Ordinary pakistan

Reckitt Benckiser Finish BY. Ordinary Tenancy 04 & 05, 3rd Floor, Corporate Office Block, Dolmen City, HC, Block 4, Scheme 5, Clifton,

Reckitt Benckiser FSIA BV. Ordinary Karachi, 75600, Pokiston

Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare BV. Ordinary _Reckitt Benckiser Pakistan Limited 98.68464476 Ordinary

Reckitt Benckiser Hygiene Home Brands BV. Ordinary

Reckitt Benckiser Laundry Detergents (No. 1) BY. Ordinary Panama

Reckitt Benckiser Laundry Detergents (No.2) BV. Ordinary Aportment 66, éth Flooy, Edificio Bladex, Colle Avenido La Rotonde. Business Pork, Corregimiento

Reckitt Senckiser ime-A- Woy BY. Orcinary 92 Jvon Diox, Urbonizaciin Costo De Este, Provncio De Panamé, Distito de Ponomo, Ponomo

oT Ordinary ead Johnson Nutrition (Panama), Se RL Ordinary

Reckitt Benckiser NV. ‘Ordinary


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

‘isege por | wovernonce > ren statements omer rermaton Recht Arma Reportand Accounts 2024212
Subsidiary Undertakings continued
Key: nliquidation + Registered address county citferent to country of registration © Branch #
Overall %owned by overai%ownedby
Entity name Key Group,itmot100% Share class name(s) Entityname Key “Group. itmet 100% _ share class name(s)
Reckitt Benckiser (Portugal), S.A. Ordinary
Peru Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare, Lda Quota
‘Av. Republica de Ponama # 2577, Urb. Santo Catalina, La Victorio, Limo, Peru
Reckitt Benckiser Peru S.A. Ordinary Republic of Korea
Calle Deon Vatoivio No. 148, Torre 1, Of. $01, Urb, Jardin, Son Isidro, Limo, Peru 24th Floor, Two IFC, 10 Gukjegeumyung-ro, Youngdeungpo-gu, Seoul, 07326, Republic of Koreo
RB Health Peru SRL Ordinary Oxy Reckitt Benckiser LLC Capital
Contribution
Philippines
2309 Don Chino Roces Avenue Extension, Makati City, PH 1321, Philippines Puerto Rico
2309 Realty Corporation 21996 Drdinary-A, £05 Frolles Industrial Pork Ave. Esmeralda, Colle C # 475, Guaynabo, 00969, Puerto Rico
Ordinary-B_ Mead Johnson Nutrition (Puerto Rico) Inc. * -
‘Mead Johnson Nutrition (Philippines), Inc. 9999964282 Ordinary
Sphinx Holdings Company, inc. 328125 ‘Common, Romania
Preference

3rd Floor Mead Johnson Nutrition Philippines inc., 2309 Don Chino Roces Extension, Makati City,
1231, Philippines

ancu de Hunedoara Boulevard, Nr. 48, Tth Floor, Crystal Tower Building, 1st District, Bucharest,
011745, Romanio

Reckitt Benckiser (Romania) SRL General Pariner/

Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare (Philippines), ne. 9999783148 Common, Partnership
Preference Interest

Str Grigore Alexondrescu 89-97, Arioo Vest, Et. 5, Finish room, Sect. 1, Bucuresti, 010624, Romanio
Poland RB (Hygiene Home) Romania SRL Ordinary
Nowy Dwr Mazowiecki, UL Okunin 1, 05-100, Poland
RB (Hygiene Home) Poland Sp. .0.0. Ordinary _Russian Federation
UL Okunin 1,05-100 Nowy Dwr Mazowiecki, Poland 31d Flooy, 4 Shuzovayo emb, Zomoskvorechye Municipal district, Moscow, TISTI4, Russio
Reckitt Benckiser Poland) S.A ‘Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare LLC Charter Capital
Reckitt Benckiser Production (Poland) Sp 2.00. Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser IP LLC Charter Capital
UL. Wotosko 22, 02-675, Warsaw, Poland 4 Shluzovoyo emb, Zomoskvorechye Municipal district, Moscow, Russio
Mead Johnson Nutrition Trading Poland S.p 2.00. Membership Reckitt Benckiser LLC Ordinary

Interest_ Klin City Tereshkovoy Street, 1, 14760052/1, Moscow Region, Russian Federation
Reckitt Business Services sp. 200. General Partner/ ranch of Reckitt Benckiser LLC in city Kin, * -
Partnership Moscow region, Russia
Interest

Saudi Arabia
Portugal -

Office number 51 Fifth floor, Mukmol Plozo Center, Al Homra District Polestine Street, Jeddioh
Estrada Mathado dos Corrascos, 12, Porto Alto, 2135-06), Somora Correia, Portugal City, South Arabia
Reckitt Benckiser Porto Alto Lda Quota

Rua D. Cristévéo da Gamo, n2 1.1, C/0, 1400-Né, Lisboo, Portugal

Reckitt Sanabil for Trading Co LLC '51,00000036 Ordinary


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-E642367C9C84

‘ustege reper overancernanca statements Une mermacon

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2028 213

Subsidiary Undertakings continued

Key: Inliquidation + Registered address country different to country of registration @ Branch #

Overall% owned by

Entity name, Key Group. itnot100% __Shareclassname(s) Entity name Share class name(s)

Froy Corbo, 24, 08400, Gronoliers, Spain
Singapore Relcamp Aie + Ordinary
72 Morina Boulevard, #19-01 Morino Bay Financiol Centre, 018982, Singapore ‘No. 151, Avdo. Can Fatjé, Rubi, Barcelona, Spain
Mead Johnson Nutrition (Asia Pacific) Pte. Ltd Ordinary SSL Healthcare Manufacturing $.A.U. Ordinary
Mead Johnson Nutrition (Singapore) Pte. Ltd Ordinary
Mead Johnson Nutrition Holdings (Singapore) Pte. Lid Ordinary Sribanka
Reckitt Benckiser (Singapore) Pte. Limited Ordinary No.25, Shrubbery Garden, COLOMBO-04, Sr Lanka
138 Cecil Street, #73-02 Cecil Court, 069538, Singopore Reckitt Benckiser (Lanka) Limited 9999905658 Ordinary
RB & Manon Business Limited Singapore Branch * >

Sweden
Slovakia Box 190, 10123 Stockholm, Sweden
Driefiové 3, 821 08 Bratisiovo, Slovakia SSL Healthcare Sverige AB Ordinary
RB (Hygiene Home) Slovakia spol. sro Ordinary _c/o Reckitt Benckiser Nordic A/S, Danmark Filial, Regeringsqatan 29, 1 $3, Stockholm, Sweden
Reckitt Benckiser (Slovak Republic), spol s 0 General Partner RB Health Nordic A/S, filial * :

Pornershie Vretenvagen 2, 4th Floor, 17154 SOLNA, Sweden

RRB Hygiene Home Nordic A/S, filial * :

South Attica Switzerland .

Ground Floor, North Wing, Allandale Building, 39 Magwo Crescent, Waterfall City, Midrand,
Gouteng, 2090, South Africo

Richtistrosse 5, 8304 Walliselien, Switzerland:

Reckitt Benckiser Pharmaceuticals (Proprietary) Ordinary RB Hygiene Home Switzerland AG Ordinary
Limited Reckitt Benckiser (Switzerland) AG Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser South Africa Health Holdings Ordinary ‘Reckitt Benckiser AG Ordinary
(Pty) Limited
Reckitt Benckiser South Africa Proprietary Limited Ordinary Taiwan
F,.No. 136, Sec. 3,Ren-Ai Rd, Do-An Dist, Taipei City 10, 10657, Taiwan
Spain Reckitt Benckiser Hong Kong Limited Taiwan * -
Correr de Matoré, 28, 08403, Gronollers, Borcelono, Spain branch
Norwich Square Holdings S.LU Ordinary of 6F, No. 205, Section 7, Dunhua South Road Oo'an District, Taipei, Taiwan (Province of China)
RB Square Holdings (Spain) SL Ordinary-A, RB & Manon Business Limited Taiwan Branch * :
Ordinary-8

Reckitt Benckiser (Espana), SLU Ordinary Thailand
Reckitt Benckiser (Granollers) SLU Ordinary 100.Moo 5, Bangsamok Sub District, Bongpakong District, Chachoengsao Province 24180, Thailand
Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare S.A, ‘Ordinary-A, SSL Manufacturing (Thailand) Limited 9999 Ordinary-A,

zB ‘Ordinary-8 - Ordinary-8


Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘Yravege repo wovemance nana statements Uorertormaton

Reckitt Anal Report and Accounts 202 214

Subsidiary Undertakings continued

Key: Inliquidation + Registered address country different to country of registration @ Branch #

Overall % owned by

Overall% owned by

Entity name ey “Grovpritmot 0% _Shareclassname(s)__Enttyname ey “Groupifnot 100% _ share classname)
{55 Moo 12 Lardkrabong-Bongplee Rood, Bangplee Yoi District, Bangplee, Samutprakorn, 10540,

Thaitond ‘United Arab Emirates:

Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare Manufacturing 9999 Ordinary 309, Floor 3, Dubai Science Park Laboratory Complex, Dubai United Arab Emirates

CTraitand) Limited Reckitt Benckiser Arabia : :

(No. 388 Exchange Tower, Mth Floor, Sukhumvit Road, Klongtoey, Bangkok, TH 10770, Thailand

Mead Johnson Nutition (Thailand) Lt 700__Common/Equity
RB Hygiene Home (Thailand) Limited 9999 Common/Equity
Reckitt Benckiser (Thailand) Limited 9999 Orainary
Reckitt Benckiser Holding (Thailand) Limited 45 CommonyEquity,

Preference

Suite 402, 4th Floor, No. 235 Dong Khoi Street, Ben Nghe Word, District 1, Ho Chi Minh City. Vietnom

The Representative Office of Reckitt Benckiser +0
(Thailand) Ltd in Ho Chi Minh City

Turkey

Al Seer Corporate Office, Behind Al Toyer Motors, Sheikh Zoyed Rood, Al Quoz Industrial Area 3,
Dubai, 31587, United Arab Emirates

Reckitt Benckiser Arabia Trading LLC 48.6897 Ordinary
Level 27, Tower 8, JAFZA One, Jebel Ali Free Zone, Duboi, PO Box 461344, United Arab Emirates

RB Hygiene Home Arabia FZE Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser Arabia FZE Ordinary
Office 1801, 1803, 1804, Emoor Real Estate Bu Khalifa, Dubai, United Arab Emirates

Reckitt Benckiser (RUMEA) Limited = Dubai Branch * -

Unit 05, Level 3, Gate Village Building 04, Dubai Investment Financial Centre, PO BOX 677, United
Arab Emirates

RB investment Company Limited 05 Ordinary-A,

Esentepe Mah, Biyikdere Cod, Tekfen Blok No:209/2, Ss, stonbul, Turkey ened

Reckitt Benckiser Ev ve Hiyen UrdnleriLevent Subesi_—_* :

Esentepe Mohollesi Buyukdere Caddesi Tekfen, Tower No: 209 A Blok 0:2 34394 4, Levent, Sisli, United kingdom

‘Stonbut, Turkey Tama 123105.Both Rood, Siough, Berkshire, SLT 3UH, United Kingdom

feat Benckiser Terai Haienes Soave comatbisl ipaos eatosd Limied Samy

Orto Maholiesi Demokrosi, Caddesi Benckiser Sitesi No 2, Tuzla, stonbul Tukey Access VC Limited Orcinary

Reckitt Benckiser Ev ve Hyen Urlnleri AS, Capital _f00kes Healthcare Limited Ordinary, Bonus
Contribution Cupal, Limited Ordinary, Bonus

Dakin Brothers Limited Ordinary, Bonus

Ukraine Durex Limited Ordinary

28A Stepan Bondery Bld G, Office 60, Kiev, 04073, Ukroine eR Trading Limited Ordinary

Reckitt Benckiser Household and Health Care Charter Capital Glasgow Square Limited Ordinary, Bonus

Ukraine LUC

Reckitt Benckiser Hygiene Home Ukraine LLC

Green, Young & Company Limited Ordinary, Bonus

Charter Capital Hamat Limited Ordinary, Bonus

40-Richchio Zhovtnia avenue, 120, 1Block, Kyiv, 03127, Ukraine Helpcentral Limited + Ordinary, Bonus

Medcom Marketing and Prodazha Ukraine LLC Charter Capital Howard Lloyd & CompanyLimited ‘Ordinary
LiPensions Trust Limited Ordinary
Linden Germany A Limited ‘Ordinary
Linden Germany 8 Limited ‘Ordinary


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
\Wraroge pot boveronce.  rnanesrstatement  Uerer mrormavon

echt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 215

Subsidiary Undertakings continued

Key: Inliqudation + Registered address county ifferent to country of registration 9 Branch #
Overall owned by - by
Entity name Key “Group. itnat 00% _ Share class name(s) Entty name key “Group. itmot 00% _ Share classname(s)
LUoyds Pharmaceuticals Ordinary, Bonus Reckitt Benckiser (Grosvenor) Holdings Limited Ordinary, Bonus
London international Group Limited Ordinary B_ Reckitt Benckiser (Health) Holdings Limited Ordinary
LRC Products Limited Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser (Hygiene Home) Holdings Limited Ordinary
LRC Secretarial Services Limited Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser (RUMEA) Limited Ordinary
MJUK Holdings Limited Oidinary Reckitt Benckiser (UK) Limited Ordinar
MIN International Holdings (UX), Ltd Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser (USA) Limited Ordinary
Nurofen Limited Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser Asia Pacific Limited Ordinary
Optrex Limited Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser Corporate Services Limited Ordinary
Pharmalab Limited ‘Ordinary, Bonus Reckitt Benckiser Expatriate Services Limited Ordinary
RAC Nominees Limited Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser Finance (2005) Limited Ordinary, Bonus
RAC Nominees One Limited Ordinary _Reckitt Benckiser Finance (2007) Ordinary
R&C Nominees Two Limited ‘Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser Finance (2010) Limited Ordinary, Bonus
RB (China Trading) Limited 20 Ordinary, Reckitt Benckiser Finance Company Limited Ordinary
Orcinary-A_ Reckitt UK Holdings Limited Ordinary
RB Asia Holding Limited Ordinary Preference
RB Holdings (Nottingham Limited ‘Ordinary, Bonus Reckitt Benckiser Health Limited Ordinary
RB Luxembourg (2016) Limited Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare (Central & Eastern Ordinary
RB Luxembourg Holdings (TFFC) Limited Ordinary Europe) Limited
2B Mexico vestments Linited ‘Ordinary RECkitt Benckiser Healthcare (Is) Limited Ordinary
Ra Reigate QO) Ua ‘Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare (MEMA) Limited + Ordinary, Bonus
8 Reigate (UK) Limited Granary, Bonus’ RECkitt Benckiser Healthcare (UK) Limited Ordinary
2B UK Commercial uimited Ordinary RECkitt Benckiser Healthcare International Limited Ordinary
726 UK Hygiene Home Commercial Limited ‘Ordinary RECkitt Benckiser Holdings (Channel lands) Limited __* :
BUSA OM Ld ‘Ordinary _RECkitt Benckiser Holdings (Luxembourg) Limited Ordinary, Bonus
Reckitt & Colman (Overseas) Health Limited ‘Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser Holdings (Overseas) Limited Ordinary
Reckitt & Colman (Overseas) Hygiene Home Limited ‘Ordinary RECkitt Benckiser Holdings (TEEC) Limited Bonus
Reckitt & Colman (Overseas) Limited Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser Holdings (USA) Limited Ordinary
Reckitt & Colman (UK) Limited Ordinary, RECKtt Benckiser Jersey (No.3) Limited = :
Iedeemable Reckitt Benckiser Jersey (No) Limited = :
‘Cumulative Reckitt Benckiser Investments Limited Ordinary, Bonus
Preference
Reckitt & Colman Holdings Limited Ordinary, Bonus Reckitt Benetiser ted Ordinary
Reckitt & Colman Pension Trustee Limited Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser Luxemboup (2010) Limked Ordinan
Reckitt Benckiser Luxembourg (No. 1) Limited + Ordinary
Reckitt & Sons Limited Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser Luxembourg (No.2) Limited ‘Ordinary

Reckitt Benckiser (Brands) Limited

Ordinary


Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

\yrmageleponwovemance rnencirstatementt wine ormation

Reckitt anual Repor and Accounts 2028 216

Subsidiary Undertakings continued

Key: Inliquidation + Registered address country different to country of registration @ Branch #

overall % owned by Overal% owned by
Entity name Key Group, ifnott00% Share class name(s) Entity name Key Group, ifnat 100% _ share class name(s)
Reckitt Benckiser Luxembourg (No.3) Limited Ordinary, Bonus

Reckitt Benckiser Luxembourg (No.4) Limited Ordinary, Bonus United States

Reckitt Benckiser Service Bureau Limited Ordinary 2400 W. Lloyd Expressway, Evonsville IN 47721, United States
Reckitt Benckiser Treasury (2007) Limited Ordinary-B_ Mead Johnson & Company, LLC Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser Treasury Services plc Ordinary ‘Mead Johnson Nutrition Company Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser Treasury Services (Nederland) BV. * : 399 interpace Porkwoy,Porsippony NJ 07054, United States
Reckitt Benckiser USA (2010) LLC * - Biofreeze IP Holdings, LLC Membership
Reckitt Benckiser USA (2013) LLC > Interest
Reckitt Benckiser USA Finance (Nol) Limited Ordinary —_—BUSALLLC. Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser USA Finance (No.2) Limited Ordinary Exponential Heatth LLC Ordinary
Reckitt Benckiser USA Finance (No.3) Limited Ordinary Lanai Holdings 15 nc Common/Equity
Reckitt Colman Chiswick (OTC) Limited Ordinary Bonus Mead Johnson Nutrition (Dominicana) S.A. Orcinary
Reckitt Seton Limited Ordinary, Mead Johnson Nutrition (Puerto ico) Inc Ordinary
Convertible, Mead Johnson Nutrition (Venezuela) LLC ‘Ordinary
‘Cumulative Head Johnson Nutrition Nominees LLC. Membership
Preference interest
Reckitt Sonet (UK) Limited Ordinary 4 USA Holdings LLC Ordinary
Scholl Consumer Products Limited Ordinary MN Asia Pacific Holdings LLC ‘Ordinary
Sonet Dormant Company No. Limited Ordinary, Deferred HN US. Holdings LLC ‘Ordinary
Sonet Investments Limited Ordinary, Bonus RG Health (US) LLC ‘Ordinary
Sonet Overseas investments Limited Orcinary. Bonus RB Heath Manufacturing (US) LLC ‘Ordinary
Sonet Prebbles Limited Ordinary Reckitt Health Pain (US) LLC Ordinary
Sonet Products Limited Ordinary —_TheraPearl LLC Ordinary
Sonet Seton UK Limited * Orcinary_ Corporation Service Company 251 Little Falls rive, Wilmington, New Castle County OE 19808,
SSL (MG) Polymers Limited + Ordinary United States
SSL (RB) Products Limited Ordinary URC North America inc. Common/Equity,
SSL International ple Ordinary Preference
$51 Products Limited Bonus’ RB Manufacturing LLC Ordinary
Tubifoam Limited Ordinary, Bonus RBUSAHoldings LLC Ordinary
Wwoodward, Limited Ordinary Reckitt Benckiser LLC Ordinary
7 Castle Street, Edinburgh EME 3AH Reckitt Benckiser USA (2010) LLC Ordinary
Benckiser 7 Ordinary, Bonus Reckitt Benckiser USA (2012) LLC Pembersip
founders Factor Level 7 Andel Suet Buin, 10 Sond, 2 Andel Steet London WC2® 5 penaier USA GUTLIC Suainary
FF Homecare & Hygiene Limited 5 ‘Ordinary, SSL Holdings (USA) Inc. Ordinary
Preference Reckitt US Holdings LLC Ordinary

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-E642967C9C84
‘yeawge reper bovemance rane statements Utne moematon Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 217

Subsidiary Undertakings continued

Key: Inliquidation + Registered address country different to country of registration @ Branch #

Overall % owned by Company Company Number

Entity nome Key __Group, if not 100% _ Shere cless name(s) Reckitt Benckiser Finance Company Limited 4749202

letnam Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare (Central & Eastern Europe) Limited 3308448

Unit 401, 4th Floor, Metropolitan Building, No. 235 Dong Khoi Street, Ben Nghe Ward, District 1, Ho Reckitt Benckiser Healthcare (CIS) Limited 3376750

Chi Minh City, Vietnom Reckitt Benckiser Holdings (Overseas) Limited 4617051

Mead Johnson Nutition (Vietnam) Company Limited Capital Reckitt Benckiser Holdings (USA) Limited 4906543,

Contribution Reckitt Benckiser Luxembourg (2010) Limited 7323959

Reckitt Benckiser Service Bureau Limited 3605068

Reckitt Benckiser Treasury (2007) Limited 6365837

Reckitt Benckiser USA Finance (No) Limited 4902703,

Subsidiary audit exemptions Reckitt Benckiser USA Finance (No.2) Limited 4902747

The following subsiciary undertakings are exempt from the requirements under section 479A of Reckitt Benckiser USA Finance (No 3) Limited “4902776

Fecricee the eden cect S99 of tne Om oO ee Reckitt Benckiser GoVP PIE M25 ect Colman Chiswick (OTC) Limited : 593046

Company Company umtior _RECKitt Seton Limited 1914860

103-105 Bath Road Limited 7ais34a__ Reckitt Sonet (UK) Limited 2285039

‘Access VC Limited 72057280 ~ Sonet Dormant Company No! Limited 220272

Howard Lloyd & Companylimited "24747 Sonet Overseas Investments Limited 3671350

London international Group Limited 4g8344 SSL Products Limited 1026788
MJUK Holdings Limited 70698251
MAN international Holdings (UK), Lid 30773207
Optrex Limited 30168
R&C Nominees Limited 3646801
RB Holdings (Nottingham) Limited 4367123
RB Luxembourg Holdings (TFFC) Limited 8963782
RB Mexico Investments Limited owners,
RB Reigate (2019) Ltd. 10952298
BUSA (2019) Ltd 10996097
Reckitt & Colman (Overseas) Limited 893047
Reckitt & Colman (UK) Limited 341605.
Reckitt & Sons Limited 561576
Reckitt Benckiser (Grosvenor) Holdings Limited 5698731

Reckitt Benckiser (RUMEA) Limited 8496512


estege repot Loverance

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC.£642367C9C84

Reckite Areal Repor and Accounts 2024 218

Climate-Related Financial Disclosures

isting Rule 9.8.6R Compliance Statement
Reckitt ple has complied with the requirements
of LR 98.8 by including applicable and materia
clmate-related financial disclosures inthis
section (and by reference as indicated),
Consistent with the Taskforce on Cimate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations.
We consider our disclosure to be consistent

with all the TCFD Recommendations and
Recommended Disclosures including section C
Of the 2021-TCFD Annex entitled ‘Guidance for
al Sectors’ and section € of the TCFD Annex
entitled Supplemental Guidance for
Non-Financial Groups:

In addition to these Climate-related Financial
Disclosures, we provide information on our
environmental performance and Greenhouse
Gas emissions on page 46. We consider the
potential financial impacts of ciate change
in the scenario modeling within our Viability
Statement on page $7 and impairment)
intangibles note on page T71. Detail on

‘our scenario modeling can be found in our
Basis of Reporting Criteria at wwwreckitt. com)
reporting-hub.

Governance

(a) Board oversight
The Board is responsible for overseeing
Reckitt's ESG strategy, including climate-
related risks and opportunities, as set out in
its terms of reference (schedule of matters
reserved for the Board). Through review and
monitoring, the Board ensures the inte

of the Group's corporate responsibilty,
sustainability, ethics and compliance strategies,
Policies, programmes and activities,

The Board discusses ESG and climate matters at
least once per year and more often as required,
alongside at least an annual review of Reckitt's
Sustainability Ambitions. The Board regularly
reviews progress and performance against ESG
and climate targets and last did so at its May
2024 meeting. Prior to June 2024, 3 sub-
Committee of the Board had responsibility for
ESG and climate matters which met quarterly and

discussed climate change at every meeting,

‘As part of the Board's annual review of
principal and emerging risks, sustainability and
climate risk were considered. The Board's focus
included both ESG performance and climate
reporting regulation.

The Audit Committee also has a monitoring
function in respect of risk management and
internal control systems, which includes the
assurance framework established by
‘management to identify and monitor risks
identified,

‘See pages 69-73 and 103-104 for more detail on
‘our governance framework and mechanisms,
remuneration policy and Board activities during
the year

(b) Management's role
The CEO is accountable for sustainability
Performance at executive level, including
climate-related matters and agreeing new
sustainability and climate-related targets. The
CEO chairs the Group Executive Committee
(GEC) which is responsible for overseeing and
elivering Reckitt’s strategic and operational
management and ensuring collaboration
between functions and in-market operations. It
recommends and implements the strategy and
{elated budget as approved by the Board. The
GEC drives business and cultural
transformation, reviews business performance
and approves business development plans and
‘major investments. It oversees the integration
of sustainability within business operations.

With the business reorganisation in 2025, these
Fisk reviews will frm part of routine GEC
‘meetings rather than as 2 separate meeting. This
risk review will continue on a quarterly bass.

Our Sustainability Ambitions are delivered
through the GEC and management team who
are responsible for ensuring adequate action
plans and investment are in place. Sustainability
forms part of the Supply function but leads
sustainability-related strategy development and
Compliance across the organisation, with
strategic direction and activity agreed at the

GEC. Programmes to meet our operational,
product and value chain targets are
implemented by our Brands, Supply Chain, RED,
Safety, Quality and Regulatory and Compliance
teams

We conduct monthly environmental reporting
at site and regional level. Progress against our
targets is reviewed monthly at supply chain
leadership forums and quarterly through
function and global business risk reviews,
‘enabling us to manage activity and deal with
‘emerging issues on an ongoing basis.

Executive ownership of SG transition risk’ as 2
principal risk resides directly withthe CEO and
the Chief Supply Officer

‘Supporting these formal management
structures are cross-functional steering
committees who provide governance and
oversight across key transition risks and
sustainable product activities.

In 2024, the GEC continued to review Reckitt’s
carbon footprint and carbon reduction
strategies in support of Reckitt’s Sustainability,
‘Ambitions, specifically our Scope 3 emissions
reduction targets. The GEC also reviewed
‘ongoing development of IT and Data solutions
to enable performance management of carbon
and plastics, while enabling future disclosure
requirements under emerging legislation,
particularly within the European Union,

Risk management
(2) Processes for identifying and assessing
climate-related risks

Reckitt operates an integrated company-wide
risk management process for financial and
non-financial risks which includes the
identification and monitoring of potential
impacts, mapping current controls and
developing action plans.

The Group risk assessment identifies the principal
‘and emerging risks with the greatest potential to
have a substantive financial or strategic impact
‘on the Group. The assessment is completed
~annwally in advance of the business strategic
planning process, taking into consideration the
‘outcomes of detailed risk assessments
conducted in specific areas throughout the year,
for example, cimate-related physical and
transition risk scenario analysis. Additionally,
‘through our 2023-24 double materiality
assessment, we reassessed climate-related
impacts, risks and opportunities across our valve
chain. Operational risks are assessed across sites
through annwal global asset and environmental
risk reviews. Within specific climate-related
financial risks we undertake a range of analysis,
‘evaluation and mitigation activities which are
summarised below.

“ESG transition risk, including the risk of
cimate-related impacts, i identified as @
principal isk, reflecting both it importance and
its central roe in Reckitt’s growth strategy. We
manage the risk by embedding our sustainability
strategy and targets within R&D and our supply
chain, though customer-facing programmes
and partnership, product innovation, and our
‘ongoing work on decarbonisation, packaging,
ingredient management, and sustainable
sourcing programmes.

See page 52 for mare detail on the Groups sk

‘management approach and updates during the year
(Our approach to understanding climate-related
risks and opportunities is underpinned by
scenario analysis (ee below). Climate and
enterprise analytics technology (developed by
the Cambridge-based consultancy Rsiience and
built on research and frameworks pioneered by
Cambridge Centre for Risk Studies) provides
‘quantitative analytics that inform risk
‘management and decision-making across the
Group. This has helped extend existing corporate
‘isk management activity in relation to business
continuity, which might be created in terms of
extreme weather events and other cimate-
related risks

‘eatege reper Goverance,

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Anal Report and Accounts 2024 219

Climate-Related Financial Disclosures continued

Monitoring emerging policy and regulatory
frameworks, together with financial tracking of
fiscal policy requirements on taxation, informs
‘our planning activity and response to address
climate-related policy risks. We continue to
track litigation, functionally and, within our
business units and markets, we monitor
emerging regulations on climate -related
reporting and disclosure requirements.

During the year, we reviewed the risks from
climate change to identify any new or
‘emerging risks, and to reassess the impact of
existing risks. We performed targeted updates
to our climate-risk modelling and analysis.
Specifically, we reviewed three risks where the
climate models have changed since our prior
‘analysis. These included Consumer market risk,
Facility disruption and Raw material supply risk
‘Overall, our exposure has decreased based on
projections for the household products sector
more broadly combined with our ongoing
efforts to decarbonise our operations and
value chain, We continued to embed the
management of cimate-related risks and
‘opportunities within our enterprise risk
management processes.

Strategy
We remain committed to delivering our
science-based targets and working towards net
2er0 by 2040. In ine with the routine 5-yearly
review cycle, we wil be reviewing our science-
based targets during 2025. Our Sustainability
“Ambitions are embedded into our business
strategy for growth, and support both resilence
and opportunities for our operations and brands.

{(@) Climate-related risks and opportunities
‘over the short, medium and long term

We consider physical and transition risks from
climate change over the short term (up to
three years) in line with our Group risk
assessment, over the medium term (three to
five years) in ine with our strategic planning
‘cycle, and over the longer term (10 years) in
line with the useful ife of brand intangible
assets and through our work with Rsiience.

Short to medium term
From our analysis over the past three years,
transition-related risks consistently emerge as
having the greatest potential impact in the
short to medium term. Specifically, changing
‘consumer preference in favour of low impact
products and policy-driven carbon price
increases risk, most significantly in a .5°C
scenario. Policy risks identified include energy
and commodity cost rises across our
‘operations, upstream and downstream with
‘our value chain. A more likely, phased policy
‘approach and changes in consumer preference,
alongside our ongoing mitigation activity to
reduce emissions across our supply networks
and innovation in more sustainable products,
would not be material for Reckitt. While we are
seeing an increase in the frequency and
severity of extreme weather events, physical
risk represents a smaller proportion of total
earnings value than transition ris.

Long term,
In the longer term, we expect increases in the
frequency and severity of extreme weather
events, water stress and higher ambient
temperatures to impact our global sites, supply
networks and consumer value chains. Changes
to regional climates may lead to a reduction in
the availability of natural raw materials and
associated costs and the nature of products
that are most viable in certain regions may
change. The aggregate impact of all modelled
physical risks is currently not material

Climate scenario analysis
Since 2018, we have conducted climate-risk
‘modelling and scenario analysis to consider
the longer-term impacts of climate change
‘and to identify emerging climate-related
risks and opportunities.

In partnership with Risiience, we have
developed a digital twin mode! of our
business. The Climate Rislience™ platform
captures Reckitt’s commercial and physical
footprint, including financial, operational,
emissions and raw materials data. It enables

Us to assess the impact of multiple climate
scenarios.

The analysis provides quantitative earnings
value at risk estimations over 2 five- and
10-year timeframe and a fong-term qualitative
Fisk outlook up to 20 years,

i. Scenarios used
Our modelling considers five climate scenarios.
These scenarios are a combination of the
SSP-RCP pathways from the intergovernmental
Panel on Climate Change's (IPCC) Sixth
‘Assessment Report for both physical and
transition risks (SSPI-SSP 8 5)

We focus on two scenarios which are
considered to represent a best and worst case
scenario for physical and transition risks, and
which highlight the variation in risks and
‘opportunities in meeting our science-based
targets by 2030 and net zero ambition by 2040:
+ $$P1-19 (15°C pathway aligned to the Paris
“Ambition) represents the most rapid
transition pathway as extreme actions are
taken to reduce emissions globally with
widespread policy changes to achieve net
zer0 by 2050
+ $P3-70 (3°C aligned to Current Policy) is
defined by the clmate-related policies in place
today ie. if no further policy action is taken

‘See our Basis of Reporting Criteria for detail on
the modelled pathways used at reckitt com)
reporting-hub

li Risk types considered
We modelled the potential impact of transition
risks derived from policy development,
‘consumer preference change, investor
sentiment, asset liabilities, cimate activism and
litigation, together with acute and chronic
physical risks to the value chain, including
disruption to our direct and upstream operations
‘and the supply of natural raw materials

Specificaly, we modelled the potential financial
impacts of climate change by region, product,
facility and hazard (ie. drought, loosing,

hheatwaves). For the purposes of our disclosure,
we aggregate and present consolidated results,
for the Group global business. The potential
‘material earnings value at risk is quoted as a
range reflecting the uncertainty and assumptions
associated with climate-related modelling.

i. Climate-related risks and potential financial
impacts

The table below summarises the potential
earnings value at risk associated with our
modelled risks over the short to medium term
(up to five years) and a qualitative assessment
(of how these risks could evolve over the longer
te1m (10 to 20 years). Our potential earnings
value at risk estimations represent gross risk for
the Group as a whole. Materiality is assessed
using the same thresholds as our financial
statements,

We have modelled the impacts of the
following risks:

+ Market risk: Consumer preference change -
the impact of changing consumer preferences
and sustainable purchasing trends including
the potential uptake rates of consumers.
‘transitioning from conventional to less
‘emissions- intensive products and services,
including single use vs reusable packaging,
‘organic vs chemical cleaners, concentrates,
and dairy vs alternative proteins.

+ Market risk: Investor sentiment ~ the risks and
effects stemming from changes to the
discount rate, relative to the economic sector,
transition pathway, debt and equity structure

+ Policy risk: Carbon price legislation ~ an
increase in future carbon pricing where
Policies (either emissions trading systems
‘or carbon taxes) are implemented variably
in all jurisdictions

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Senoge ope woverance:

‘Uineravrmavon Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2028 220,

Climate-Related Financial Disclosures continued

+ Technology risk: Low carbon transition ~ the
‘isk of asset impaicment under different
climate-telated economic transitions

+ Liability risk: Climate-related litigation - the
potential for litigation or civlfcriminal
penalties for a company's climate-related
activities, including greenwashing and
pollution

+ Reputation risk: Climate activism - the
potential uptake rates of sector activism and
‘company-specific activism, including the risk
of consumer boycotts

+ Facility disruption risk - the risk of physical
damage to assets from extreme weather
events (heatwaves, deoughts freezing,
flooding and windstorms), financial losses
from stock, contents and buildings damage,
and operational disruption due to the
disruption in capacity

+ Raw materials supply risk - changes in the
supply of raw materials under the influence
of a changing climate and the potential
impact of decreases in yield

+ Market disruption ~ the disruption to sales
due to customer demand fluctuations
induced by regional-scale climate threats
including heatwaves, droughts and freezes

Individually, the modelled impacts of these risks are not material to our business under the five scenarios assessed. The aggregate potential impact
Of these risks manifesting under a Current Policy (3°C) and Paris Ambition (15°C) pathway is outlined below.

The risk values presented represent gross risk to the Group and assume none of the mitigating actions outlined below are in place.

Unmitigated
potential annual 10-20-year modelled scenario impacts and

Pathway ___impactoverSyeurs_S-10-year modelled scenaroimpacts and assumptions (02030) assumption (00 2040-2050),

#C Not material Consumer preference change

Current Policy + Conventional shopping preferences continue, with existing levels of uptake for sustainable options continuing,

resulting in only minimal dectine in demand for conventional products

Other modelled physical and transition risks

+ Carbon prices remain between $5-8 (S/tCO,e) up to 2050 with inconsistent global implementation. Sectors
covered by policies today remain static and are not expanded

+ Inaction by governments and corporates results in an acceleration of climate change, increasing public and
consumer activism is used as a mechanism for corporate accountability

+ Exposure to climate-related litigation varies depending on historical emissions responsibilty and the extent of
current commitment and action on addressing future emissions

+ Local distribution of goods from warehouse to point of sale is disrupted and/or consumer demand fluctuates as a
‘result of climate-related weather events

eC Not material
Current Policy

+ Increase in the severity of climate hazards and extreme weather events including heatwaves, freezes, droughts,
flooding and windstorms

+ Raw materials production fluctuates as a result of climate variability and long-term climate change

+ Market demand for sustainable
products and services becomes
mainstream. Consumer habits have
to shift more dramatically to meet
global emissions reduction targets

15eC
Paris Ambition

£0-£130m

Consumer preference change

+ Consumers increasingly switch from non-sustainable products to more

sustainable options. Low-carbon alternative products progressively increase
market share, supported by policy frameworks including carbon labelling

asec
Paris Ambition

£0-£130m ~ Radical action by governments to
reduce emissions, driven by
carbon price mechanisms. Carbon
prices increase significantly, with
rapid adoption across developed
economies

(Other modelled physical and transition risks

+ Carbon prices increase to $83 (S/tCO,e) over the next five years, radical action
by governments to reduce emissions, driven by carbon price mechanisms

+ Assets intrinsically linked to the use of fossil fuels become impaired in direct
proportion to the rate at which fossil fuels are phased out

+ Public sentiment towards climate change remains strong and persistent and
‘decarbonisation pathways are met or exceeded without major disruption to
economic activity

+ The ‘consumer staples’ sector experiences relatively low exposure to capital
flight during economic transition

+ Local distribution of goods from warehouse to point of sale is disrupted andy
‘or consumer demand fluctuates as a result of climate-related weather events

+ Raw materials production fluctuates as a result of climate variability


‘Yeatege reper eowemnance naan

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Areal Report and Accounts 2024 221

Climate-Related Financial Disclosures continued

(b) Impact on business, strategy and
financial planning

ur climate scenario analysis supports financial
and operational planning, We focus activity
through routine business and financial planning
within our brands and supply chain, in annual
and three-year cycles, in order to manage risks
and deliver against our Sustainability Ambitions.

We assume that all aspects of our value chain
will be susceptible to climate-related transition
and physical risks to varying degrees.

The rate of global decarbonisation and the
implementation of associated policy
frameworks are critical determinants of the
‘magnitude of climate-related impacts on
Reckitt. The 1.5°C pathway assumes a fast
adoption of sustainable alternatives and a
significant reduction in consumer demand for
less sustainable and more carbon intensive
products, whereas the 3°C pathway assumes a
limited reduction in current demand.

There is potential for Reckitt brands to be
variably exposed to demand loss, depending
(on the environmental impact of the product
(including raw material composition,
‘manufacturing and consumer use). While we
Continue to see increased consumer interest in
more sustainable products, there remains 2
'say-do' gap for the vast majority, with
consumers remaining focused primarily on
value and efficacy. This exposure therefore has
negligible current impact. Nonetheless, our
sustainable product innovation programme
Continues to inform our product development
pipeline and supports our ambition for 50% of
net revenue from more sustainable products by
2030. This programme also supports activity to
reduce product carbon footprints, and is linked
to management reward incentives.

We are actively working to reduce our GHG
emissions in line with our 2030 reduction
targets for Scopes 1, 2 and 3, and our
‘commitment to achieving net zero by 2040,
(Our Climate Transition Plan identifies where we
are targeting decarbonisation opportunities in
‘our operations, products and value chain. The
complexity of our global value chain requires
‘multiple interventions with our suppliers

‘and customers,

During 2024 we increased the breadth and
depth of data-driven analysis across our supply
cchain to better identify and mitigate emissions
intensive activities. Specifically, we are
focusing on several initiatives to reduce CO,¢
in materials by:

+ targeting suppliers to use renewable energy
in their operations;

+ using less of certain ingredients while
maintaining the efficacy of products;

+ Using alternative ingredients with a lower
CO,e footprint. Such substitution may take
longer if different ingredients require
qualification, particularly in regulated
products;

+ reducing the water in our products by
‘developing concentrates which reduces the
transport footprint and packaging use; and

+ using recycled materials - our targeted
switch to 25% PCR and using less virgin
plastic will deliver CO,e savings that we will
‘model across the value chain,

This activity contributes to reducing our
exposure to increases in carbon pricing and
ther transition related risks. We have assumed
that together with shifts in consumer behaviour
‘and general market pricing we are able to
mitigate the risks identified above,

(Our mitigation activities and the opportunities
we have identified encompass:

1. Our operations

Optimising our processes to reduce carbon
emissions through continued and increasing
support for renewable electricity and low=
carbon energy

For Scopes 1 and 2, we have made progressive
improvements in carbon reduction. Switching
from gas in low-mid thermal energy needs is 3
‘near-term focus alongside the continued
sourcing of renewable electricity. Capital
allocation for environmental improvements on
carbon are built into current planning and.
progress is reviewed monthly.

Potential damage to assets and the frequency
Of such events arising from extreme weather
‘and other potential cimate-related events
(including associated remediation costs) are
reviewed through our risk management and
business continuity programmes and connect
into our financial programmes on insurance.
Site location planning and building design
considers temperature, adverse weather and
water stress risks. Additionally, water stress
‘risks are mitigated by our water efficiency and
catchment area management activity, which
aims for all sites in water-stressed locations to
be water positive by 2030. Further details on
‘our wider environmental targets and
performance can be found on pages 46-48

2. Product innovation

Meeting emerging consumer demand for
more sustainable products, developing
products that are well placed for a low-carbon,
low-water policy and physical environment,
alongside increased use of recycled and
recyclable materials

We use a range of tools to assess climate-
related factors across the product lifecycle,
from material sourcing to consumer use, as part
‘of our innovation process. Our Sustainable

Innovation Calculator informs new and existing
product development which helps us design
for lower carbon and water footprints in use,
mitigates physical risks in the marketplace and
helps us to meet emerging consumer
preferences. The calculator considers the
product carbon and water footprint, plastics
‘and packaging, and ingredients metrics.
Product innovation provides opportunity for
growth, by meeting emerging consumer
demands and expectations and developing
products that are well placed for emerging
fiscal policy and physical environments.

3. Supply chain resilience
Building more resilient supply chains at site
level and for key natural raw materials, and
‘engaging our suppliers to help measure, track
and reduce supplier-related carbon emissions
(Our procurement teams continually review
supply chains to mitigate the impact of
commodity cost rises. We are also working
Girectly with key suppliers and third-party
manufacturers to help them measure and
progressively reduce their emissions which will
build resilience to physical and transition risks
from climate change both within our supply.
cchain, and for our suppliers.

ur Scope 3 emissions have reduced year-on-
year. Our principle remains to abate first and
offset last, and we prioritise reducing our
direct footprint. We are however, considering
appropriate carbon market management
‘approaches for the longer term. Our existing
Trees for Change programme was our frst step
in this programme. We also address
deforestation risks within our wider supply
chain, working with suppliers of materials such
2s palm oil. This is routinely in collaboration
with peers within the Consumer Goods Forum,
with joint activity to prevent deforestation. Our
renewed partnership with WWE will aso
support action on this from 2025 onwards.

Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£64236709C84

‘uawepe repo Loverance:

Reckit AnnualReport and Accounts 2024 222

Climate-Related Financial Disclosures continued

(€) Resilience of strategy to different
climate scenarios (including 2°C or lower)
Collective climate change impacts may present
risks to Reckitt’s activity. However our strategy,
targets, activity and progress help mitigate
these risks, build resilience and create future
opportunities. Our 2030 targets for 0% of net
revenue from more sustainable products, 50%
‘eduction in Scope 3 emissions and 65%
reduction in operational carbon emissions,
collectively enable Reckit’s brand portfolio.
and supply chain to become more resilient

We have assessed that the modelled scenarios
and associated climate-related risks outlined
above are not material to ongoing business
‘operations, and that our business has
increasing resilience across a spectrum of
scenarios, including one where warming is
limited to 15°C. This assessment is based on a
number of factors, which include:

+ the strength of our market-leading portfolio
‘of health and hygiene brands and core
capabilities in adapting and innovating our
‘existing ranges while launching new products
to meet emerging consumer demands;

+ an active programme to improve the carbon,
‘water, plastic, chemical and packaging
footprint of our products (more sustainable
products) which accounts for 349% of net
revenue and which we continue to grow: and

+ an extensive global and geographically
diverse sourcing base characterised by
strong and established strategic
relationships with suppliers, which gives us a
natural hedge against weather extremities

Metrics and targets

Reckitt has established sustainability metrics
and targets to drive performance on ciate
‘change and related environmental matters in
areas both directly controlled and across our
value chain (see dashboard page 38). We have
considered all cross-industry climate-related
metrics set out in the TCFD All Sector
guidance. The metrics set out below are those
Considered to be materia.

GHG emissions

(ur ambition is to achieve net zero across our
value chain (excluding indirect consumer use
emissions) by 2040. We have set near-term
GHG reduction targets which cover emissions
from our operations as well as our value chain:

1. Our operations (Scope 1 and 2)

Reduce our absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG
emissions 65% by 2030, from a 2015 base year
(SBTi validated as 15°C-aligned). Increase
‘annual sourcing of renewable electricity to
100% by 2030,

We have already surpassed this target for GHG
emissions reduction and will review the target
within our 2025 SBTi review.

2. Our value chain (Scope 3)
Reduce absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions from
purchased goods and services (associated with
ingredients and packaging materials), direct
‘emissions from use of sold products and end
of life treatment of sold products by 50% by
2030, from a 2015 base year (SBT validated),

See pages 46-48 for more information on our
net zero, water, waste and packaging targets
and performance, and our GHG emissions data,
including Scopes 1,2 and selected Scope 3
disclosures

Climate-related physical and transition risks
and opportunities
Please refer to pages 219-220.

Capital deployment and internal
carbon pricing

We are considering an internal carbon pricing
approach, which wil allow us to strengthen the
assessment of climate impact in future
investment decisions.

Remuneration
Our Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) includes
net revenue from more sustainable products
(which inciudes our product carbon footprint)
and reduction in GHG emissions from our
‘operations. The CEO and CFO's bonus
‘opportunities are based on the delivery of
Reckitt’s strategy, including progress against
‘our 2030 Sustainability Ambitions as a whole.
For more information on remuneration
measures see page 103

Other metrics

+ We track stakeholder sentiment through
routine dialogue and engagement with key
stakeholders including investors, customers
‘and NGOs. See more on pages 74-77. In
addition, we strive to maintain and improve
our performance in external benchmarks
{and ratings, including MSCI, Sustainalytics
‘and COP

+ We track consumer spending patterns
through sales data and broader consumer
insight and research at brand and sector
level, which informs our product innovation
programme and R&D pipeline

We are using the Transition Plan Taskforce

framework, Science Based Targets initiative

(SBT) and Forest, Land and Agriculture (FLAG)

guidance to guide our actions.

‘Docusign Envelope ID: FS4EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

‘yesoge repo wovemance. nares statements uirer ormston

Reckitt Anal Repor and Accounts 202 223

Alternative Performance Measures

‘The Annual Report and Accounts include financial information prepared in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS Accounting Standards) as well as information
presented on an adjusted (non-IFRS) basis.

Financial information presented on an adjusted basis excludes certain cash and non-cash items,
These items have a pattern of recognition that is largely uncorrelated with the trading
performance of the business. Management reviews the business on this basis for the purpose of
‘making operating decisions and showing these adjusted measures in addition to the IFRS
‘measures provides useful additional information on trading performance to the users of the
Financial Statements. These adjusted measures should not be considered in isolation from, as
substitutes for, or superior to the financial measures prepared in accordance with IFRS.
The following items (adjusting items) are excluded from IFRS earnings in calculating adjusted earnings.
+ Impact of business combinations, and similar purchases of equity, where IFRS accounting
results in the recognition of certain costs that are not comparable with those for internally
generated assets, (although the net revenues and other costs of these business combinations
are not adjusted for):
~~ amortisation of (@) acquired brands, trademarks and similar assets and (b) certain other
intangible assets recorded as the result of a business combination;

~ inventory fair value adjustments;
~ professional and advisor costs recorded as the result of a business combination;

= changes in the amount of consideration paid or expected to be paid (including changes in fair
value) and associated tax impacts; and

= changes to deferred tax liabilities relating to (a) acquired brands, trademarks and similar assets
and (b) certain other intangible assets recorded as the result of a business combination as the
amortisation or profit on disposal of these brands would be treated as an adjusting item.

+ Profits or losses relating to the sale of brands and related intangible assets as the continued
active management of our portfolio results in the recogrition of profits or losses relating to
disposals of brands and related intangible assets which are largely uncorrelated with the trading
performance of the business

+ Recycled foreign exchange translation reserves upon the sale, liquidation, repayment of share
capital or abandonment of a subsidiary previously controlled by the Group, asthe gain or loss
relates to mainly exchange movements in previous periods rather than the current period

+ The reclassification of finance income/(expenses) on tax balances into income tax expense,
to align with the Group's tax guidance. AS a result, the income/(expenses) are presented as part
of income tax expense on an adjusted basis

+ Other individually material items of expense or income. Some of these items are resolved
over a period of time such that the impact may affect more than one reporting period

Adjusted measures

+ Adjusted Operating Profit and Adjusted Operating Profit margin: Adjusted operating profit
reflects the IFRS operating profit excluding items in ine with the Group's adjusted items policy.
See page 226 for details on the adjusting items and a reconciliation between IFRS operating
Profit and adjusted operating profit. The adjusted operating profit margin is the adjusted
Operating profit expressed as a percentage of net revenue

+ Adjusted tax rate: The adjusted tax rate is defined as the adjusted continuing income tax
expense as a percentage of adjusted profit before tax

+ Adjusted diluted EPS: Adjusted diluted EPS is the IFRS diluted EPS excluding items in line with
the Group's adjusted items policy. See page 226 for details on the adjusting items and a
reconciliation between IFRS net income and adjusted net income. The weighted average
‘number of shares for the period is the same for both IFRS diluted EPS and adjusted diluted EPS

+ Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation): Adjusted
operating profit less depreciation and amortisation (excluding adjusting items)

Other non-GAAP measures

+ Like-for-like (LFL): Net revenue growth or decline at constant exchange rates (see below)
excluding the impact of acquisitions, disposals and discontinued operations. Disposals include
low margin manufacturing revenues which are agreed at the time of sale of a brand or business.
Completed disposals are excluded from LFL revenue growth for the entirety of the current and
prior years. Acquisitions are included in LFL revenue growth twelve months after the completion
of the relevant acquisition. LFL growth also exclides countries with annual inflation greater than.
100% (Venezuela and Argentina)

+ Constant exchange rate (CER): Net revenue and profit growth or decline adjusting the actual
Consolidated results such that the foreign currency conversion uses the same exchange rates as
were applied in the prior period and excludes the effect of applying hyperinflation accounting in
the relevant subsidiaries

+ Brand Equity Investment (BEI): BEl is the marketing support designed to capture the voice,
mind and heart of our consumers

+ Net working capital (NWC): NWC is the total of inventory, trade and other receivables and trade
‘and other payables less interest accrued on tax balances, indemnity provisions for disposed
businesses and forward purchase liabilities. NWC is calculated as a % of last twelve months net
revenue to compare changes in NWC to the growth of the business

+ Net Debt: The Group's principal measure of net borrowings being the total of cash and cash.
equivalents, short-term and long-term borrowings, lease liabilities and derivative financial
instruments on debt

+ Free Cash Flow and Free Cash Flow Conversion: The Group's principal measure of cash flow
defined as net cash generated from continuing operating activities less net capital expenditure.
A reconciliation of cash generated from operations to Free Cash Flow is shown on page 225.
The Group tracks Free Cash Flow as a % of adjusted net income to understand the conversion
of adjusted profit into cash

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

neg oper boverance pang Statements Uinerntermaven

Rechte Aral Repor and Accounts 2028 224

Alternative Performance Measures continued

Other definitions and terms

+ Category Market Unit (CMU): Reckitt analyses its market share by CMUS, which represent
country and either brand or category, €.9. US Lysol. This allows us to analyse the components of
market share growth taking into account both geography and brandjcategory. Management has
identified those CMUs that are the most strategically important (top CMUs). The list of CMUs is
kept under continual review and will change over time based on strategic decisions. Currently,
CMUs cover ¢.67% of Group net revenue and between c.63% to c.81% of each Global Business
Unit's (GBU) net revenue. As a measure of competitiveness, management tracks the percentage
(of CMUs holding or gaining market share, weighted by net revenue

+ Discontinued operations: Includes credits or charges related to the previously demerged RB
Pharmaceuticals business that became Indivior pic. Net profit/(loss) from discontinued
‘operations is presented as a single line item in the Group Income Statement

+ Return on Capital Employed (ROCE): Defined as adjusted operating profit after tax divided by
monthly average capital employed. Capital employed comprises total assets less current
liabilities other than borrowings-related liabilities. Total assets exclude cash, retirement benefit,
‘surplus, current tax and a technical gross-up to goodwill that arises because of deferred tax
liabilities recorded against identified assets acquired in business combinations. Total assets have
‘been adjusted to add back impairments of Goodwill except where the impaired asset has been
disposed or partially disposed. Current liablities exclude the share repurchase lability legal
provisions recorded as a result of adjusting items and current tax

+ Net revenue attributable to ‘more sustainable’ products: A product is defined as ‘more
sustainable’ when it scores a total of 10 or more points across five parameters (carbon, water,
plastics, packaging and ingredients) at time of launch using our Sustainable Innovation Calculator
{@ streamlined Lifecycle Assessment tool that models the environmental impacts of products)
The net revenue from ‘more sustainable’ products is expressed as a percentage of total net
revenue. The calculation is done on the basis of a 12 month period ending September (to allow
for the assembling of the related data)

+ Reconciliation of IFRS like-for-like net revenue excluding seasonal OTC brands: LFL is shown
excluding net revenue from seasonal OTC products that are affected by the Cold and Flu
season. AS this season can vary both in intensity and timing in the year, presenting net revenue
{growth excluding this can provide a view of growth excluding this factor.

Reconciliation of IFRS to like-for-like net revenue (by GBU)

Group
Netrevenue &m
2023 1F RS. 14,607
Maa (86)
Exchange and hyperinflation (20) o = (33)
2023 Like-for-like 6,109 5,994 2385 14,48

2024 FRS 6140) 5,882 2047 14169
MA - Ca) Co) @n
Exchange and hyperinflation 223 256 80 559.
2024 Like-for-like 6,363 6,117 220 14,691
Uke-for-like growth 42% 2.1% (7.3%) 1.4%.

Reconciliation of IFRS like-for-like net revenue excluding seasonal OTC brands

2023 Like-for-like 599412103 14,4
2023 seasonal OTC 1480 1480 1480
2023 LFL excluding seasonal OTC 45410623 13,008
2024 Like-for-like 617 __12,480__-14,691
2024 seasonal OTC 1365 1365) 1,365
2024 LFL excluding seasonal OTC 4752 ans 13,326
2024 Like-for-like growth 2.1% 3.1%

2024 LFL growth excluding seasonal OTC 5.3% 46% 2.4%


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
‘yemtage repo woverance rmancistatemente‘oineriermavon Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 225

Alternative Performance Measures continued

Reconciliation of Operating Cash Flow to Free Cash Flow Net Working Capital
a10e¢2024 Dee 2023 31bec2024 dec 2023,
‘&m ‘fm ‘fm ‘=m

Cash generated from continuing operations 3,675, 3829 Inventories 1517 1637

Less: net interest paid (292) (263) Trade and other receivables 2,091 2,062

Less: tax paid (700) (922) Trade and other payables (629) (5,506)
Less: purchase of property, plant & equipment (370) (348) Less: Forward purchase lability 133, 158

Less: purchase of intangible assets (95) (101) Less: interest accrued on tax balances 101 we

Plus: proceeds from the sale of property, plant & equipment 4 63 Less: Indemnity provisions for disposed businesses ar 43

Free cash flow 2,232 2258 Net working capital 402) (1.479)
Free cash flow conversion 1% 97% . Net working capital as percentage of 12-month net revenue (10%) 0%)
‘12 months Adjusted EBITDA to Net Debt ROCE Calculation

“ — s1Decz028 a1 Dee 2023, 31Dec2024  s1Dec 2023

Adjusted ESITOA fm fm fm fm

Operating profit 2,425 2531 Adjusted operating profit 3,475 3373

Excluding: adjusting items 1,050 842 Less: taxation on adjusted operating profit 7) (850)
Adjusted operating profit, 3,475 3373 Adjusted net operating profit after tax 2,704 2523

Excluding: adjusted depreciation and amortisation 436 444 IFRS total assets 25,298 27136

‘Adjusted EBITDA 39m 3.817 IFRS total current lbilities (7943) (8,338)

IFRS total assets less current liabilities 17,355 18,798

mDecz0z6 31Dec 2023,
‘em fm Excluding IFRS items not included in capital employed:

Note
Cash and cash equivalents (inc. overdrafts) 879 7,380 Short-term borrowings aza 1679
Financing liabilities (8,793) (8.670) Current tax liabilities 602 620
Net debt (7914) (7.290) L89al provisions 30 30
Net debtjAdjusted EBITDA (limes) 20 79 Interest accrued on tax balances 101 we
Share repurchase liability 477 2%

Dividend Cover Cash and cash equivalents (880) (1,387)
aipecz024 n1becz023._Crtent tax recoverable (45) (80)

fm £m Retirement benefit surplus (269) (270)

Interim dividend paid in year 561 ‘549 IFRS balances included in capital employed 18,794 19808
Final dividend proposed . 830 828__Add back: impact of unrealised impairments 4921 4078
Total dividends 3.391 1377 _ Less: goodwill due to deferred tax on intangibles (4,303) (4,265)
‘Adjusted net income 2,449 2.323 Impact of average in year vs closing balance 687 531
Dividend cover (times) 18 17_ Average capital employed 20,099 20152

Return on capital employed 13.5% 25%


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
Smeg repo

Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2028 226

Alternative Performance Measures continued

The table below reconciles the Group's IFRS measures to its adjusted measures for the year ended 31 December 2024.

Aajusting items

‘Other
individually
Impactot Netgainon Finance materaltems
usiness daporalof expense of income and
UFRS combinations brands “reclass expense Aojsted
fm fm im fm im ‘im
Net revenue 14,169 - = = = 14169
Cost of sales (5574) = - - = 657
Gross profit 8,595 - - - - 8,595
Net operating expenses (6370) 40 ” - iow 720)
Operating profit, 2,425 40 ® = 10 3,475~
Net finance expense fer) 7 - a5) 0) 23)
Profit before income tax 2,108 37 i) (5) «1015 3,182
Income tax charge (672) © : 8 38) ov
Net income from continuing operations 1.432 31 ® = 9772451
Less: Attributable to non-controling interests @ = = = = @
Net income from continuing operations attributable to owners of
the Parent Company 1.430 s1 O) - 772,489
Net loss from discontinued operations ® = - = 4 =
Total net income attributable to owners of the Parent Company 426 31 o = oer _2.4a9
Earnings per share (EPS)
Continuing operations’
Basic 2002 13 03) - 1395 3497
Diluted 2038 13 03 = 1392 3490
Discontinued operations’
Basic 06) - - - 06 -
Diluted 05) - - : 06 -
Total operations!
Basic 2036 13 a3) - oa 3497
Diluted 2032 13 03) - 3398 3490

1 €PSis atelated sing 7004 mlson shares (base anal 70L7 mon shares (ted)

Impact of business combinations comprised:

+ £25 milion of amortisation of certain
intangible assets recognised as a result
of historical business combinations and
atelated £6 million tax credit

+ £15 million related transitional service charge
associated with the acquisition of the
minority interest

+ £17 millon relating to remeasurement of
payments as part of an agreement to acquire
‘emaining interests from minority shareholders

Net gain on disposal of brands comprises
£9 milion profit on sale of certain small
developing market brands completed in 2024

Reclassification of finance expense of

£15 milion relates to the reclassification of
interest expense on income tax balances from
net finance expense to income tax.

Other individually material items of income
and expense comprise:

+ Restructuring and other project costs of
£167 million linked to the group strategic
announcements in 2024. This principally
includes professional advisor fees and
severance costs relating to business
transformation and portfolio changes;

+ £13 millon expense reiating to costs
incurred in relation to the Korean
Humidifier Sanitiser issue;

+ £838 million expense relating to the
impairment of IFCN and Biofreeze
intangible assets (note 9);

+ £38 milion tax credit on the intangible
asset impairment, restructuring and other
project costs; and,

+ £4 milion from discontinued operations
relating to interest accruing on an uncertain
tax position relating to the former RB
Pharmaceuticals business (now Indivior plc)

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
Suaepe reper wovernancerinancar statements" UneiNermaton Reckitt Annual Report and Accounts 2024 227

Alternative Performance Measures continued

The table below reconciles the Group's IFRS measures to its adjusted measures for the year ended 31 December 2023, Impact of business combinations compris
Adjusting tems + £27 milion elates principally to amortisation
of certain intangible assets recognised as a
result of historical business combinations and
Indivigualy 2 related £4 milion tax credit; and
translation on material items
Wguicationot ‘fincome + £9 milion finance credit relating to reduction
1FRS_ combinations subsidiaries andespence Adjust in the liability under the agreement to
L] CI fm fm fm purchase the non-controlling interest in RB
Net revenue 74607 ~ ~ ~ = 14607 Manon, and £1 milion of related professional
Cost of sales. (5,847) - = = = = (5,847) fees
Gross profit 760 > = z > ——~g.769_Net gain on disposal of brands includes
charge of £2 milion relating to remeasurement
Net operating expenses, 6229) 28 1 = : 813_ (6.387) Gn held forsale of certain small developing
Operating profit 2,531 28 1 - - 813 __-3,373 market brands, a related £9 milion tax credit
Net finance expense (030) ey - 030) 2 - (a7, 0 EI milon of esiancome lating to
Profit before income tax 2,401 a 1 (130) 22 813 3,126 Previous at Sales.
. Reclassified foreign exchange translation on
Income tax charge (753) (ay (9) (22) o (789) uidation of subsidiaries of £130 million
Net income from continuing operations 1,648, 6 oS) (130) - ar 2,337 relates to a gain following the liquidation of
Less: Attributable to non-controlling interests ay - - - - 5 (14) _ legal entities as part of simplification
Net income from continuing operations attributable of the Group's legal entity structure.
to owners of the Parent Company 1,634 a (8) (130) - B12 2,323 Reclassification of finance income of £22
Net profit from discontinued operations 9 - - - - oy = lion relates to the reclassification of net
aera tincome atuibutatle te owners ofthe interest expense on income tax balances from
wners fir Xf toir tax.
Parent Company 1,643 5 ® (130) : 803 2323 Cet fnance wa ‘pense ‘® .
Other individually material items of income
Earnings per share (EPS) aia iae
Continuing operations’
+ £810 million impairment of goodwill in FCN
Basic 2279 2 aa co) - 1133 3241” ote
Diluted nA a on aga) - 131 3234. £3 milion expense relating to costs incurred
Discontinued oper in elation to.the Korean Humidifier Sanitiser
Basic 3 - - - - a3) = issue; and
Diluted 13 - - - - a3) = + £8 milion income from discontinued
ations! ‘operations which relates to the DoJ
Total operations settlement in 2019.
Basic 2292 21 ay 8) - neo 32a
Diluted 2287 21 ay (3) - ms 3234

1 €PS scaledated using 7167 millon shares (base) and 78.3 lin shares (sivted)

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Yenoge reper boverance rang statements Utne mtermaton

Reeklt AnnualReport and Accounts 2024228

Shareholder Information

Annual General Meeting

(ur Annual General Meeting (AGM) will be held on 8 May 2025 at 14100 at the London Heathrow
Marriott Hotel, Bath Road, Hayes, Middlesex UB3 SAN.

The Notice convening the AGM meeting, together with the business to be considered at the
‘meeting, is contained in @ separate document for shareholders and is available on our website at
‘www seckitt.comjinvestors/annual-general-meetings.

2028 financial calendar and key dates

Record date for 2024 final dividend TT April 2025,
‘Announcement of Quarter Itrading statement 23 april 2025
‘Annual General Meeting ‘8 May 2025
Payment of 2024 final ordinary dividend 29 May 2025
‘Announcement of 2025 interim results 24 July 2025,
Record date for 2025 interim dividend 8 August 2025,
Payment of 2025 interim ordinary dividend : 18 September 2025

‘Announcement of Quarter 3 trading statement

Dividend

The Directors recommend a final dividend of 121.7 pence per share for the year ended

31 December 2024. Subject to shareholder approval at the 2025 AGM, payment of the final
dividend will be made on 29 May 2025 to all shareholders on the register as at TI April 2025.
The latest date for receipt of new applications to participate in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan
(ORIP) in respect of the 2024 final dividend is 7 May 2025. Details on how to join the DRIP can
bbe found below.

22 October 2025

Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRIP)

‘Shareholders participating in the DRIP receive additional shares purchased in the market instead of
receiving a cash dividend. You can elect to join the DRIP by registering on the Computershare
Investor Centre at www.investorcentre.co.uk. Alternatively, you can request a DRIP mandate form
and terms and conditions by contacting Computershare on +44 370 703 0718,

Mandatory direct credit

We no longer pay dividends by cheque. Instead, cash dividends are now paid directly 10
shareholders’ bank accounts. This is known as ‘mandatory direct credit’ Receiving dividends this,
‘way means that shareholders receive dividend funds quicker. It also means the Company reduces
its environmental impact, incurs lower administration costs and reduces the risk of cheque fraud.

‘To have your dividends paid directly into your bank account, please provide your bank details to
‘our Registrar, Computershare, either by accessing Computershare's Investor Centre at
wwwinvestorcentre.co.uk or by telephone on +44 370 703 0118. We will hold your dividends for
you until you provide valid bank details and charges may be applied to reissue any outstanding
dividend payments.

If you are based overseas, Computershare can offer an international payment option to have your
dividends paid into your local account in a preferred currency. Please register online by visiting
‘www investorcentre.co.uk, where you can review the full details and associated fees.

Share dealing facility
The Company's shares can be traded through most banks, building societies, stockbrokers or
‘share shops: In addition, UK-based shareholders can buy or sell the Company's shares using @
share dealing facility made available by Computershare, which includes internet and postal share
deaiing

Internet share dealing .

Internet share dealing is available to shareholders residing in the UK. This service offers
shareholders a straightforward way to buy or sell the Company's shares on the London Stock
Exchange. The commission is 1.4%, subject to a minimum charge of £40. In addition, stamp duty,
currently 0.5% is payable on purchases. Real-time dealing is available during UK market hours
(08:00 to 16:30). In addition, you can place a sale instruction outside of market hours.

To access the service, log on to www.computershare.com/dealing/uk. Shareholders must have
their Shareholder Reference Number (SRN) available. The SRN appears on share certificates,
Internet share dealing is only available to residents in either the UK, Channel islands or Isle of Man,

Postal share dealing service
The postal share dealing service offers a way to sell or purchase shares (subject to availability). To
use the service you must be 2 resident of the UK or one of the permitted jurisdictions. A ful ist of
permitted jurisdictions can be found at www.computershare.com/dealing/uk. If you wish to use
the service, you can download a postal share dealing form and the terms and conditions at

www. computershare com/dealing/uk. The fee for this service is 1.4% of the value of each sale or
purchase and is subject to a minimum charge of £40. Stamp duty of 0.5% may be payable on
purchases.

Detailed terms and conditions for both internet and postal dealing are available upon request by
calling +44 370 702 0000,

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

enoge reper bovertance pfancu statements ‘Utne ermavn

Rechte Anal Report and Accounts 2028 229

Shareholder Information continued

Electronic shareholder communications

We encourage all shareholders to receive an email notification when shareholder documents

become available online, to reduce our impact on the environment. An election to receive

electronic shareholder communications will

+ Result in cost savings to the Company since less paper documentation will need to be produced
and posted

+ Allow for quicker and more effective communications with shareholders

+ Support Reckitt’s corporate responsibility profile

Shareholders can register for electronic communications by registering at www investorcentre.co.uk.

‘Shareholders who have elected for electronic communications will receive an email whenever

shareholder documents are available on the Company's website. Shareholders who have elected

by deemed consent, in accordance with the Companies Act 2006, will receive a hard copy notice

of availablity of a document on the Company's website and are entitled to request a hard copy of

any such document, at any time, free of charge from Computershare. Shareholders can revoke

their consent to receive electronic communications at any time by contacting Computershare.

The Company's 2024 Annual Report and Notice of the 2025 AGM are available to view at

vwewwececkitt.com, The Investor section of the website also contains up-to-date information for

shareholders to view throughout the year, including:

+ Detailed share price information

cial results

+ Regulatory announcements,

+ Dividend history, payment dates and amounts

+ Access to shareholder documents including the Annual Report and Notice of AGM
+ Share capital information

Analysis of shareholders as at 31 December 2024

Distribution of shares by type of shareholder No.of holdings shares
Nominees and institutional investors 2561 723)38,516
Individuals 9482__ 13,396,663
Total 12,043 736,535,179
Sie of shareholding No. of holdings Shares
+500 6955 (1,312126
501-1000 1868 = 135027
11001-5,000 1855 3,856,419
5,001-10,000 267 1925879
10,001-50,000 491 12,208,357
50,001-100,000 17% 12,382,570
100,001-1,000,000 328 113,429,676
100,001 and above 103 $90,062.625
Total 12,043 736,535,179

‘American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)

ADRs are dolla-denominated securities that represent the ownership of ordinary shares in a
‘non-US company, quoted and traded in US dollars in the US securities market. ADRs facilitate

the purchase, holding and sale of non-US shares by US investors. Dividends are paid to investors
in US dollars

Reckitt Benckiser Group plc ADRS are traded on the over-the-counter (OTC) market under the
symbol RBGLY. Five ADRS represent one ordinary Reckitt share. J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A. is the
Depositary, The table below provides details of the identification of Reckitt securities on the US
market place and the London Stock Exchange.

Symbol Security LUstingtrading cusiensin
REGLY US security (ADR)___OTC Pink 756255204
RETL, Ordinary share London Stock Exchange _ GBOOB24CGK77


Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£647367C9C84

‘yratege epor wovemance  rnenca statement ner ormacen

Reckit Anns! Report and Accounts 2024 230

Shareholder Information continued

‘ADR Depositary Bank

J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A. sponsors and administers the Reckitt ADR facility.
J. Morgan ADR shareholder services can be contacted as follows:

JP. Morgan Chase Bank N.A,

383 Madison Avenue, Floor 11, New York, NY 10179

Telephone number for general queries: +1 800 990 1135,

Telephone number from outside the US: +1 651 453 2128

Website: www.shareowneronline.com

‘Company Secretary
Catheryn O'Rourke

Registered office

103-108 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire SL1 3UH, United Kingdom
Telephone: +44 1753 217800

Registered in England and Wales, No. 6270876

‘Company status
Public Limited Company

Auditor
KPMG LLP

Solicitors
Slaughter and May

Registrar
The Company's Registrar, Computershare, is responsible for maintaining and updating the
shareholder register and making dividend payments to shareholders. If you have any queries
‘elating to your shareholding, please contact Computershare,

Computershare Investor Services PLC

The Pavilions, Bridgwater Road, Bristol BS99 622

Shareholder helpline

Telephone: +44 370 703 O78

Website: www computershare.com/uk

Share buyback programme
‘On 24 July 2024, the Company announced the continuation of the share buyback programme and
the intention to buy back £1 billion worth of shares by 30 June 2025,

Charity donation
ShareGiftis a UK registered charity (No.1052686) which specialises in realising the value locked up
in small shareholdings for charitable purposes. The resulting proceeds are donated to a wide range
of charities, reflecting suggestions received from donors. f you have only a small number of
Reckitt shares which are uneconomic to continue holding, you may wish to consider donating them
to ShareGift, Please visit wwwsharegift org/donate-shares or telephone +44 207 930 3737 for
more information.

Unsolicited mail

We are legally obliged to make our register of shareholders available to the public, subject to a
proper purpose test. As a result, some shareholders might receive unsolicited mail, Shareholders
wishing to limit the amount of such mail should write to the Mailing Preference Service, MPS
FREEPOST 29 LON20771, London WIE 02T, oF register online at www.mpsonline org.uk

Share fraud and ‘boiler room’ scams.

Share fraud is 2 deceptive practice that induces investors to make sales and purchases based on
inaccurate information and in violation of security laws. In boiler room scams, fraudsters will entice
investors into scams through increased persuasion and high-pressure tactics through cold calling
(or random contact. 7

Reckitt is aware of these deceptions and urges shareholders who are offered unsolicited
investment advice, discounted shares, a premium price for shares, or free company or research
reports to investigate thoroughly before making any decision.

If you receive any form of unsolicited investment advice, please take the following steps:

+ Confirm the name of the person andor organisation

+ Check the Financial Conduct Authority's (FCA) Financial Services Register at
httpsifregister fca.org.uk to ensure they are authorised

+ Use the details on the Financial Services Register to contact the firm

+ Call the FCA Consumer Helpline on +44 800 T11 6788 (freephone) or 0300 $00 8082 (from the
xy if there are no contact details on the Register or if they are out of date

+ Search the FCA's lst of unauthorised firms and individuals at
www fca.0r9.uk/consumers/unauthorised-fiems-individuals to avoid doing business with
reported offenders

+ Ifyou are approached by fraudsters please contact the FCA using its helpline or share fraud
‘reporting form

+ Consider getting independent financial advice

Using an unauthorised firm to buy or sel shares or other investments will prohibit access to the

Financial Ombudsman Service or Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) should the

investment be unsuccessful. Remember fit sounds too good to be true, it probably is. If you think

you have been a victim of these scams, the matter should be reported to the Police and to Action

Fraud. For more information, please vist the Serious Fraud Office website at

‘www sfo.govuk/contact-us/feporting-serious-fraud-bribery-corruption

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
enwge epe | boverance randualstatements Une mformaton| Reckitt Annual Repor and Accounts 2028 237

Shareholder Information continued

Cautionary note concerning forward-looking statements
This Annual Report and Financial Statements contains statements with respect to the financial
condition, results of operations and business of Reckitt Benckiser Group ple and the Reckitt group
of companies (the ‘Group’) and certain plans and objectives of the Group that are forward-looking
statements. Words such as ‘intends, ‘targets, or the negative of these terms and other similar
expressions of future performance or results, and their negatives, are intended to identify such
forward-looking statements. In particular, all statements that express forecasts, expectations and
projections with respect to future matters, including targets for net revenue, operating margin and
Cost efficiency, are forward-looking statements. Such statements are not historical facts, nor are
they guarantees of future performance.

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to
events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors
that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements, including many factors outside the Group's contro.
‘Among other risks and uncertainties, the material or principal factors which could cause actual
results to differ materially are: the general economic, business, poitical, geopolitical and social
Conditions in the key markets in which the Group operates; the Group's ability to innovate and
remain competitive; the Group's investment choices in its portfolio management; the ability of the
Group to address existing and emerging environmental and social risks and opportunities; the
ability of the Group to manage regulatory, tax and legal matters, including changes thereto; the
reliability of the Group's technological infrastructure or that of third parties on which the Group
relies including the risk of cyber attack; interruptions in the Group's supply chain and disruptions to
its production facilities; economic volatility including tariffs and increases in the cost of labour, raw
‘materials and commodities; the execution of acquisitions, divestitures and business transformation
projects; product safety and quality, and the reputation of the Group's global brands; and the
recruitment and retention of key management.

‘These forward-looking statements speak only as ofthe date of this Annual Report and Financial
Statements. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation, Reckitt expressly disclaims any
obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking
statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Group's expectations with regard thereto
cr any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based

‘Any information contained in the 2024 Annual Report and Financial Statements on the price at
which shares or other securities in Reckitt Benckiser Group plc have been bought or sold in the
ppast, or on the yield on such shares or other securities, should not be relied upon as @ guide to
future performance.


Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C48-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84
‘Wearege reper overnance names statements unertermaton Reckit Annual Report and Accounts 2024 232

Notes

Docusign Envelope ID: F54EC5D1-7C4B-406E-9BAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Benckiser Group plc's commitment to environmental issues is reflected in this Annual Report,
which has been printed on inaset Offset and Edixion Offset, an FSC* certified material. This document
.was printed by Park Communications using its environmental print technology, which minimises the
impact of printing on the environment. Vegetable-based inks have been used and 99% of dry waste
is diverted from landfill. The printer is @ CarbonNeutral® company. Both the printer and the paper mill
‘are registered to ISO 14001

Docusign Envelope ID: F54ECSD1-7C48-406E-SBAC-£642367C9C84

Reckitt Benckiser Group plc
Registered office

103-105,Bath Road

Slough, Berkshire

SLI 3UH, UK

Registered in England and Wales

No 6270876
