Registered Number 02202838

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Annual Report and Financial Statements

For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

nn

Il

*

AESI1I

| AIT 26/06/2025 #120
‘ COMPANIES HOUSE

THURSDAY

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Annual Report and Financial Statements
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Contents

Strategic Report

Directors’ Report

Independent Auditors’ Report
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Balance Sheet

Statement of Changes in Equity
Cash Flow Statement

Notes to the Financial Statements

Page

16
19
23
24
25
26

27

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Strategic Report
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

The directors present their Strategic Report for the 52 weeks ended 28 December 2024.
General Information

The Company is a private company, limited by shares and is incorporated, registered and domiciled in
England, in the United Kingdom. The registered number of the Company is 02202838. The address of its
registered office is Hutchison House, 5 Hester Road, Battersea, London, SW11 4AN. The Company is an
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of AS Watson Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman
Islands, with its principal place of business in Hong Kong.

During the financial period some of the AS Watson Group of companies changed the name from A.S.
Watson to AS Watson. This change has been reflected in these financial statements.

Principal Activity

The principal activity of the Company is a health, home and beauty retailer in the United Kingdom.

Results and Business Review

The Company had a strong year driven by top line sales growth as its everyday low-price proposition helped
attract price conscious shoppers who faced rising costs due to the “cost of living” crisis which continued to
be prevalent throughout the year. Sales increased by 4.8% to £791.3 million (2023: £754.8 million)

Profit before tax was £69.9 million, an increase of 14.2% over last period's £61.3 million. Operating margin
increased to 9.4% compared to the prior period of 8.6%, driven by the sales performance and continued
tight control of costs. Net assets at 28 December 2024 were £159.1 million (2023: £142.1 million), with total
assets of £411.9 million (2023: £398.5 million) and total liabilities of £252.8 million (2023: £256.4 million).

Capital expenditure during the period was £10.5 million (2023: £10.5 million) as the Company opened 16
new stores and refitted other stores in the existing estate. Cash and cash equivalents increased by £10.3
million to stand at £71.5 million at the period end.

Business Environment

2024 was another tough year for the retail sector and although inflation reduced throughout the year the
legacy impact of higher prices, and sustained higher interest rates, contributed to squeezing consumers’
disposable income. The continued “cost of living” crisis was prevalent throughout the year meaning
customers shopped around as they became more price sensitive. Total high street footfall across the UK
was down on 2023, as measured by the British Retail Consortium, although the health and beauty sector
was one of the few market groups to see retail sales growth year on year. Government driven decisions on
areas like National Minimum Wage has compounded wage inflation and continues to put pressure on
operating margins for retailers, which the Company strives to offset through its cost efficiency and
procurement activities.

Strategy

The Company continues to focus on providing competitively priced high quality brand name products across
the health, home and beauty categories. Focusing on these product areas provides the Company with
significant range authority to accompany its everyday low-price position. During the period the Company's
transactional website continued to grow, supported by an expansion of the range of products and the launch
of a ‘click and collect’ service enabling customers to order at home and collect at their nearest store. The
Company also continues to open new stores across the UK, increasing the Company's presence into more
geographical markets, resulting in a trading estate at the end of the period of 524 stores.

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Principal Risks and Uncertainties

The management of the Company and the execution of the Company's strategy are subject to a number of
risks. These are reviewed formally by the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) and appropriate
processes put in place to monitor and mitigate them. If more than one event occurs, it is possible that the
overall effect of such events would compound the possible adverse effects. The key business risks are as
follows:

Social and Environmental
Risk and impact

Managing the impact that the Company has on the planet and tackling climate change is critical from both
a social and regulatory standpoint. Customers are increasingly recognising the need for the Company to
be sustainable in the products it offers. This also needs to be integrated within business decisions and
strategy. Non-compliance from a social or regulatory prospective could lead to reputational damage to the
Company and potential penalties.

Controls and mitigation in place

The Chief Executive Officer is a member of the AS Watson Group Global Sustainability Committee, which
is responsible for the AS Watson Group Sustainability Roadmap. This roadmap is ambitious and aims to
reduce the environmental and social impact of the material risks identified

The Company organises its ESG strategy around the pillars of Planet, People and Product along with a
local Sustainability Roadmap. The Sustainability Roadmap includes quantitative and qualitative targets up
to 2030 including, but not limited to, energy reductions, emissions reduction and sustainably sourced paper.
The Company contributes actively to AS Watson Group's commitments to The Ellen MacArthur Foundation,
New Plastic Economy and the Science Based Target Initiative.

The Company is committed to being an ethical business and focussing on human rights. The Company has
a Modern Slavery Task Force and publishes a modern slavery statement. The Company has partnered
with a UK modern slavery NGO (non-governmental organisation) to support its activities in reducing the
risk of modern slavery within the business. The Company also supports a number of NGOs for causes that
are important to our customers and colleagues, through fundraising and awareness raising activities.

Cyber security and data privacy
Risk and impact

The increasing digitised nature of retail means that improper controls over data and systems could lead to
a breach of customer, staff or supplier data in the event of a cyber-security incident. This could lead to a
significant reputational harm to the Company which could cause risks to the financial performance of the
Company in addition to any fines and potential penalties.

Controls and mitigation in place

The Company works closely with experts within the wider AS Watson Group to leverage capability and
technology to constantly monitor and improve this area. Compliance with data protection regulations and
adhering to industry-specific standards is a core action to ensure the lawful and secure processing of
relevant information.

Controls and procedures are in place to identify cybersecurity risks and incidents, with a 24x7 Security
Operations Centre (“SOC”) providing real-time threat and incident monitoring and detection. The network
and systems storing sensitive data are monitored and periodically reviewed. Access is monitored and
analysed by the SOC.

To foster a culture of data privacy and security and reduce the risk of internal breaches, employee training
and awareness programs are essential. The Company educates staff about the significance of the risk and
their responsibility in protecting their own personal data and the organisation's information and assets.

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Principal Risks and Uncertainties (Continued)

IT and business systems
Risk and impact

The Company relies upon its IT infrastructure to deliver its operations, drive major change programmes
and allow the Company to keep pace with technological developments and the opportunities they present.
The security, resilience and control of these key assets are significant to and a key focus of management.
Any significant issues with key IT infrastructure could lead to a detrimental impact on trade, profitability,
and cash flow.

Controls and mitigation in place

The Company has system recovery plans in place to deal with any problems of key systems with testing
taking place periodically to ensure swift action to help minimise business disruption. The efficiency and
resilience of key IT assets and investment in the IT environment are a key focus of management and
investment strategy.

Network segmentation is implemented across the Company's network to ensure resilience and reduce the
risk of systems failure contagion. Protection measures such as network firewalls, web application firewalls,
network detection and response tools are also in use. Security incident monitoring is available and provided
by the SOC run by an internal team with the assistance of vendor insight.

Penetration tests are periodically performed at least once per year. A Patch management program is also
in place to apply latest patches to systems to ensure these are constantly up to date and minimising the
risk of inappropriate access or systems compromise. Vulnerability scans are performed at least monthly to
identify missing patches, and there is a daily dashboard showing the patching status of different platforms
enabling real time management review.

The Company continues to invest in developing its IT infrastructure with a portion of the capital expenditure
budget ringfenced for this area.

People and culture
Risk and impact

The Company's performance depends largely on its staff and continued service of key management. The
loss of key individuals and the inability to recruit people with the right experience and skills could adversely
impact the Company’s results and future growth.

Controls and mitigation in place

The Company continues to run programmes to improve staff retention, for example its long-established
retail management training and Aspire development programme to drive internal career progression.

The Company offers apprenticeship programmes across various functions within the business and regular
in person and digital training courses through an internal platform which supports the Company's ability to
develop and retain talent. During the year, the Company launched a new campaign, “Rise-Up, Level-Up”,
to shine a light on the importance of apprenticeships for young people.

It is becoming increasingly important for modern businesses to support staff wellbeing and expand the
range of employee benefits. Employees have a range of methods to communicate suggestions and
proposals including the employee engagement survey and various forums within an employee portal. The
Company also has a competitive rewards and benefits package for all staff and enhanced benefits when
service milestones have been surpassed.

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Principal Risks and Uncertainties (Continued)

Competition
Risk and impact

The Company operates in a highly competitive retail market particularly concerning price, product
availability and quality. Failing to respond to changing customer needs and offering competitive prices
could result in downward pressures on volumes and margins which may limit growth opportunities.

Controls and mitigation in place

To remain a competitive option for consumers, market research is carried out, prices are monitored on a
regular basis, pricing is adjusted accordingly, and the Company carries out planned promotional activities.
The Company is also focussed on building strong relationships with both suppliers and customers.

The Company constantly reviews the market and customer landscape to identify shifts in behaviour and
competitive developments and takes action as appropriate to continue to be an attractive option for potential
customers.

Operating costs and efficiency
Risk and Impact

The Company is exposed to market movements across a significant part of its cost base. External
challenges such as inflation, and rising living and employment costs, continue to have a notable impact on
the UK. It is critical to ensure the Company is fit for the challenges that lie ahead by having strategies in
place to mitigate these external pressures as these place considerable pressure on direct commodity costs
and services.

Controls and mitigation in place

The Company constantly focuses on its cost base and seeks to drive cost reductions through procurement
activities and operational efficiencies to control the risk of price rises and for them to be kept to a minimum.
The Company has a robust and regular business forecasting process to mode! the expected impact of any
market movements on the business.

Supply chain disruption
Risk and Impact

The Company relies upon third party suppliers to deliver products and provide services on a timely basis
to meet the demands of its customers. The risk of disruption and inflationary pressures within the supply
chain could have a negative impact on the profitability and growth of the business. Furthermore, the inability
to service the requirements of its customers could result in reputational damage to the Company.

Controls and mitigation in place

The Company works closely with key suppliers to form effective partnerships to ensure capacity and service
levels are in line with both current activities and future growth plans. The Company also manages the risk
of service failure by carrying sufficient buffer stock in its warehouses and stores, plus the constant
engagement with alternative market operators should supply routes or service provision need to be
switched

All suppliers are required to adhere to the Company's supplier code of conduct, with new suppliers required
to go through due diligence screenings supported by a third party, which mitigates the risk of unethical
practices causing reputational damage.

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”)
The directors monitor progress of the Company's performance by reference to the following KPIs:
52 weeks 52 weeks

ended 28 ended 30
December December

2024 2023
Revenue £791.3m £754.8m
Operating profit £74.6m £65.2m
Operating margin 9.4% 8.6%

The directors are confident that the Company is well-positioned to meet its short-term aspirations and that
its longer-term prospects are considerable.

Financial Risk Management

The Company is funded by operationally generated cash flows, group loans and external short term bank
overdraft facilities, if required. The Company sets financial risk management policies in accordance with
the policies and procedures of the AS Watson Group, of which the Company is a subsidiary. Treasury
policies are designed to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in interest rates and exchange rates and to
minimise the Company's financial risk.

a) Credit risk

As the Company's retail sales are usually in cash or by credit or debit card, credit risk is to a great extent
short-term and limited to the recovery of supplier income

b) Liquidity risk

The Company's liquidity risk is mitigated by internal funding primarily from its fellow group company, AS
Watson Group (HK) Limited, in order to meet the Company's funding requirements.

c) Foreign exchange risk

The Company's direct foreign exchange exposure is minimal, with most purchases contracted and paid for
in sterling. The Company has a greater exposure to indirect foreign exchange currency risk which it
manages through ongoing planning and review with key suppliers.

The Company's financial instruments consist of cash, bank overdrafts, intercompany balances and loans
with group companies, trade receivables and trade payables. The carrying value of these are all recorded
at amortised cost. Their contractual maturities are less than one year, with the exception of the group
borrowings in note 16.

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Companies Act 2006 Section 172 (1) Statement

Under section 172 (a) to (f) of the Companies Act 2006, directors of a company are required to act in a way
they consider, in good faith, would most likely promote the success of the company for the benefit of its
members as a whole, having regard to a range of different matters as stated therein.

The duty emphasises that the board of directors must consider the wider impact of its decisions, rather than
just the financial and strategic elements. The board should also create a culture whereby the long-term
consequences of its actions and the long-term success of the Company are given due consideration.

(i) The likely consequences of any decision in the long term

It is essential that the Board makes decisions which are best for the Company in the long term. These
decisions are focussed on long-term success, not short-term gains, which will stand the Company in good
stead for the future. This has been a major focus for a number of years, particularly in light of the continued
pressure on the high street as a result of the struggling retail market.

The Company works closely with its shareholder and stakeholders to review, update and agree its five-year
strategy each year. Consideration is given to the changing retail landscape and investments that may be
needed to support future growth as well as financial projections. The strategy is formally signed off by the
Board each year, which then forms the basis for the operating plans to deliver against the agreed targets.

The Investment Committee of the Company, chaired by the Managing Director and supported by the
Finance Director, holds regular meetings to ensure all significant spend decisions have a comprehensive
review before decisions are taken and contracts are signed. This also ensures to the extent possible, that
commitments with sufficient flexibility or otherwise only minimum commitments will be entered into by the
Company so as to allow the Company to remain agile in an ever-changing environment at a time where the
nature of the high street is changing rapidly across various town centres.

(ii) The interest of the employees of the Company

The relationship with the employees of the Company is paramount. The Company actively engages with
its employees to ensure that their opinions and ideas are always considered, and that employees are kept
up to date and informed. The Company holds an annual conference for Store Managers and Assistant
Store Managers to provide an update on the performance and future plans of the Company. Regular
conferences are also held for Head Office employees, and equivalent ‘all hands’ meetings also take place
at its Distribution Centres.

All employees have access to a social networking platform, which is used for Company communication, as
well as sharing informal messages with each other on store events, like charity fundraising. Access to this
collaborative network helps drive employee engagement. Throughout the year employees receive regular
communication and updates from the Managing Director and other members of the Executive team so that
they are kept up to date and informed of business actions, and of the impact of the situation on business
performance. The Company also achieved accreditation from “Great Place to Work” during 2024, which
recognises employers who create an outstanding employee experience.

(ill) The need to foster the Company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others

In all instances the Company aims to create and maintain open and transparent business relationships,
which are paramount to ensuring high quality products can be obtained on terms that can meet customer
demand. The directors are also mindful of the need to maintain, and enhance, good supplier relationships.
in the strategy they deliver for the Company. The Commercial Director also holds regular “top to top”
meetings with major suppliers to ensure that open communication channels and positive business
relationships are maintained.

The Company acknowledges the importance of its customers to the continued and long-term success of
the business, and places great emphasis on customer experience whilst shopping. Several customer
metrics are used on a daily and weekly basis to monitor the Company's performance, in addition to
feedback provided through the customer contact centre to gain real-time feedback on performance and
provide opportunities to improve customer service.

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Companies Act 2006 Section 172 (1) Statement (continued)

(iv) The impact of the operations of the Company on the community and the environment

The Company recognises the importance of managing the social impact of the business and minimising
any adverse impact of its operations on the environment. The Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”)
agenda of the Company is sponsored by the Managing Director which provides central oversight to all the
activities of the Company in this aspect. Additionally, the Company benefits from the support of the global
AS Watson Group CSR Committee ensuring access to group-wide expertise and resource in this important
area.

(v) The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct

The Company expects the highest standards of business conduct from its employees. They receive regular
regulatory and compliance updates, and the Company also has in place policies, procedures and processes
in respect of modern slavery, anti-bribery and corruption, as well as tax strategy

All employees sign up to the AS Watson Code of Conduct upon joining the Company, which sets out the
minimum standards for all employees of the AS Watson Group of companies. The Code aims to promote
honest and ethical conduct and encourage trust, fair dealing and integrity in all interactions with customers,
suppliers, colleagues and stakeholders.

(vi) The need to act fairly as between members of the Company

The Company works closely with its shareholder; agreeing the strategic direction, reviewing financial
performance and major investment decisions, and maintaining an open communication on matters of
importance. Such approach drives benefits for both the Company and its shareholder.

Corporate Governance

The Company is part of the’ AS Watson Group of companies ("ASW Group’), and ultimately part of CK
Hutchison Holdings Limited (“CKHH”, and together with its subsidiaries, the “CKHH Group”), a company
whose shares are listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

The Company adopts and applies high standards of corporate governance best suited to the needs and
interests of the CKHH Group as it believes that an effective corporate governance framework is
fundamental to promoting and safeguarding interests of the shareholder and other stakeholders and
enhancing shareholder value

For period ended 28 December 2024, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018
the Company continues to adopt the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private Companies
(the “Wates Principles’) which are available on the Financial Reporting Council website as an appropriate
framework when making a disclosure about its corporate governance arrangements. The Company's
reporting against the Wates Principles is set out below.

Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership

The Company's principal objective is to be the best high street and online discount retailer of health, home
and beauty in the UK. This business purpose is clearly cascaded and communicated throughout the
Company as it focusses on delivering this objective consistently for its customers. This in turn ensures
financial returns for its shareholder, stability and progression for its employees and continued investment
in the business and the communities which it serves.

Whilst the Board is responsible for the overall direction and management of the Company, the effective
day-to-day management of the Company is overseen by the Company’s executive management team (the
“Exec”), supported by delegated authorities to certain senior officers and employees which is generally
based on financial thresholds. The Board regularly reviews these authorities to ensure they are appropriate
and relevant.

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Companies Act 2006 Section 172 (1) Statement (continued)
Corporate Governance (continued)
Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership (continued)

The Exec and members of the Board meet regularly to discuss and review strategies, performance,
business plans, budgets and risk profiles of the Company. Whilst the Board is charged with the task of
promoting the long-term success of the Company and making decisions in the best interests of the
Company, the Exec is accountable for the conduct and performance of the Company within the agreed
strategies. The Board together with the Exec instil and uphold the Company's objectives and strategies
through the day-to-day operations and management of the Company.

Principle 2: Board Composition

The Board is comprised of six directors which provides for representation of both the Exec and also the
Company’s shareholder. The Exec is represented by the Managing Director of the Company and the Chief
Executive and the Finance Director of AS Watson (Health & Beauty UK) Limited, with the Company's
shareholder represented by Chairman of AS Watson Group, the Group CEO of AS Watson Group and AS
Watson Group Chief Financial Officer. The Board considers its current size and composition constitutes an
effective board appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the Company and ensure
effective decision-making.

The Exec is led by the Managing Director. Collectively the Exec possesses extensive retail leadership
experience, gained across several different organisations and countries.

Diversity and inclusion is a key part of the Company’s culture. The Company is committed to developing a
more diverse workforce, including at the most senior levels. It recognises the benefits of a Board and an
Exec that possesses a balance of skill sets, experience, expertise and diversity of perspectives appropriate
for the strategies of the Company. The Company believes that board diversity enhances decision-making
capability and thus the overall effectiveness of the Board and the Exec in achieving sustainable business
operation and enhancing shareholder value.

Principle 3: Directors’ Responsibilities

The Board and each director have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The
Board is committed to achieving and maintaining the high standards of corporate governance structure,
policies and practices of the ASW Group, taking into account the business and regulatory frameworks within
which the Company operates. Business plans and budgets are prepared annually by management of the
Company and are subject to review and approval by the Board and the executive management team of
ASW Group as part of the ASW Group's five-year corporate planning cycle. Management of the Company
is also responsible for preparing monthly management reports on the financial results and key operating
statistics of the Company. Bi-monthly meetings are held with the executive management team of ASW
Group to review these reports, business performance against budgets, forecasts, significant business risks
sensitivities and strategies of the Company.

The Board as a whole is responsible for promoting the long-term success of the Company and making
decisions in the best interests of the Company in line with the agreed business plans and strategies.
Throughout the year, the management of the Company provides to the directors updates and other
information with respect to the performance, business activities and development of the Company. The
Company also has in place a formal structure of the Board approved delegated authorities to ensure that
there are appropriate controls surrounding decisions and commitments that may bind the Company.

The Board considers that all of these robust corporate governance and internal control frameworks and
company leadership, working together, promote effective stewardship to deliver long-term value for the
Company and its shareholder as a whole

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Companies Act 2006 Section 172 (1) Statement (continued)
Corporate Governance (continued)
Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk

The Company is committed to the long-term sustainability of its business by regularly reviewing its business
model and practices to identify opportunities for improving its performance and creating value for
stakeholders. The Exec meets regularly to discuss and consider these opportunities and conducts an
annual strategic review and quarterly forecasting exercise to embed decisions and allocate resources
accordingly.

The Board seeks to instil risk awareness across the Company's business operation and has put in place
policies and procedures which provide a framework for the identification, reporting and management of
risks. The Company adopts an Enterprise Risk Management framework to manage its risk exposure and
appetite. The framework facilitates a systematic approach in identifying, assessing and managing risks
within the Company, be they of strategic, financial, operational or regulatory nature. There is ongoing
dialogue amongst the Exec about current and emerging risks, their plausible impact and mitigation
measures. On a half-yearly basis, the Company is required to formally identify and assess the control
framework that supports the management of business risk.

Principle 5: Remuneration

The remuneration of the directors and senior executives of the Company is determined with reference to
their expertise and experience in the industry, the performance and profitability of the Company as well as
remuneration benchmarks from other local and international companies and prevailing market conditions.
Remuneration arrangements are also subject to oversight and approval from the Company’s shareholder.
Employees also participate in bonus arrangements which are determined in accordance with the
performance of the Company and the individual's performance. The Board considers that the remuneration
structure of the Company aligns with the Company's objectives, values and strategies to support long-term
sustainable success.

The Gender Pay Gap is reviewed by the Exec, and an action plan is formulated for improvements across
the whole organisation. The Exec is committed to developing a more diverse senior leadership team across
the Company and has introduced balanced shortlists for all senior management and director appointments
covering gender and ethnicity to bolster its leadership team and future progression potential.

Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement

The Board actively promotes engagement and communications with stakeholders, including employees,
shareholder, customers, suppliers, government, and community groups. The Company actively encourages
employees to express their views and has established various channels including a social platform ‘Mango’
allowing two-way communication between colleagues at all levels of the organisation. Mango is used
regularly by over 50% of employees to engage with the culture, share views, ask questions and learn about
the business. The Company also regularly seeks views from external stakeholders through a variety of
channels, including the regular senior level meetings held with its key suppliers.

The Company is committed to achieving and maintaining high standards of openness, probity and
accountability. There are established whistle-blowing policy and mechanisms which allow the employees
of the Company and those who deal with the Company to report any suspected impropriety, misconduct or
malpractice concerning the Company with confidence.

The Company has adopted a proactive approach to its social, economic and environmental responsibilities
as outlined in its section 172 disclosures.

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Non-financial and sustainability information statement

The Company's climate-related disclosures have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of
the Companies (Strategic Report) (Climate-related Financial Disclosure) Regulations 2022 section 414CB
of the Companies Act 2006.

Governance

The Company's Board is responsible for overseeing management's response to climate-related impacts.
Accountability for, and oversight of, climate-related impacts sits with the Executive leadership team (“the
Exec’). In its role the Exec ensures there is an effective system of internal controls within the Company
for the assessment and management of key risks. The Exec retains overall responsibility for climate
governance and actions undertaken, which are integrated into its ESG strategy. The Exec ensures action
plans are embedded into the business strategy and future financial planning to mitigate climate-related
risks and capitalise on climate-related opportunities

The Company also works closely with the AS Watson Group on climate related matters, in particular the
Group's Chief Sustainability Officer. The Group provides strategic oversight of climate-related risks and
ensures alignment of direction, resources and targeting of climate-related activities. These include the
establishment of Science Based Targets and sustainability roadmap targets.

During the year the Company continued to work closely with expert external advisers to further enhance
its understanding of the potential impact of climate change on the business and to inform its future strategy
and risk management approach.

Strategy and Risk Management

Climate change presents a wide range of risks and opportunities that the business will need to continually
monitor and consider. As part of building resilience into the business strategy, the Company conducted a
Climate Scenario Analysis (“CSA") to determine potential impacts of climate related risks and
opportunities. For the first iteration of the CSA, the Company started with a larger population of risks and
opportunities that were relevant to its business and industry. In the prior year, cross-functional workshops
were held to discuss the impact of each risk and opportunity, to narrow this initial list down further to
produce a shortlist. This shortlist consisted of two physical risks, five transitional risks and two
opportunities. In the current year, the risks and opportunities were reviewed, and validated, with the same
cross-functional internal stakeholders.

Physical risks
Flooding and temperature rises were identified as the most common threat across the Company's estate

which could disrupt operations across the network. In addition, the changing weather conditions could also
influence a change in shopping behaviour.

Transitional risks

Transition risks are the most significant area of risk for the Company. This is driven by increasing costs as
the government may impose additional regulation and tariffs to meet climate targets. The effect of regulatory
and reporting changes, as well as shifting consumer preferences were assessed using qualitative reviews,
analysis of trends and identification of key drivers.

Opportunities
Opportunities were also identified in relation to a transition to a low-carbon economy. These have the
potential to increase revenue through driving demand due to consumer perception of the Company's

approach to sustainability.

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)

Scenario selection
The Company used global climate scenarios defined by the Network for Greening the Financial Systems
(“NGFS") and selected two climate scenarios from the NGFS for the analysis. The scenarios were selected
as they were intended to represent the outer limits of possible outcomes, although the most likely outcome
is somewhere between the two. Each scenario presents a distinct possible future in which the Company
may be operating.

Net zero 2050

An ambitious scenario that limits global warming to 1.5°C through stringent climate policies and
innovation, reaching net zero CO, emissions around 2050. This scenario assumes that ambitious
climate policies are introduced immediately. Carbon removal is used to accelerate decarbonisation
but kept to the minimum possible and broadly in line with sustainable levels of bioenergy
production. Net CO, emissions reach zero around 2050, giving at least a 50% chance of limiting global
warming to below 1.5°C by the end of the century. Physical risks are relatively low, but transition risks
are high.

Current policies

This scenario assumes that only currently implemented policies are preserved, leading to high physical
risks. This represents a business-as-usual scenario with minimal meaningful action taken on reducing
emissions. Emissions grow until 2050 leading to about 3.5°C of warming and severe physical
risks. This includes irreversible changes, such as higher sea level rise, and potentially the crossing of
devastating climate ‘tipping points’ such as widespread methane release through the melting of
permafrost landscape, or the permanent shutdown of the Atlantic Gulf Stream.

Impact quantification

The Company carried out different workshops internally to gain an understanding of the operational
implications of each of the identified risks, and opportunities, and how these may vary across the two
different scenarios. These workshops were carried out with input from internal and external experts within
different areas of the business. The Company was able to identify a wide variety of potential impacts on
its business model resulting from climate change. When analysing each risk qualitative and, wherever
possible, quantitative assessments were made. The impact on operating profit was assessed across short
(less than 5 years), medium (5-10 years) and long (more than 10 years) timescales.

The ultimate outcome of the CSA was an impact assessment to understand the Company's resilience to
relevant climate-related risks and opportunities. The CSA and the scenarios used will undergo a full
refresh every three years to ensure they remain relevant and appropriate for the business, with the list of
risk and opportunities being reviewed annually, to ensure they are still aligned to core business operations.

For the purposes of the assessment of climate-related risks, opportunities and disclosures, the Company
has used a similar materiality as that for the financial statements.

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)

Physical risks

Risk [Description Timescale | Financial |Strategic response
Impact
Extreme weather impact of extreme weather events | 10+ years Low [Continually monitor flood risk at
vents (floods) causing flooding at the Company's distribution centres for long-term
impacting distribution |distribution centres impact. Review business
entres interruption plans and ensure
insurance coverage remains in
place.
hanging weather —_‘ {Expected increase in temperatures} 10+ years | Medium [Continually monitor events at
onditions leading to |at each store results in an individual stores. The store estate
increased energy lincreased cooling demand, utilising lis wholly leased, predominantly on|
costs and reduced —_|more energy. short leases, providing flexibility
footfall jon location
lin addition, increased temperatures|
resulting in reduced footfall on the ‘ontinue to develop the online
lhigh street, with customers hannel to provide customers with
, {switching to online purchases. he opportunity to shop both
inline and offline.
Transitional risks
Risk Description Timescale | Financial [Strategic response
Impact . =
/olatility of energy ‘ssuming the Company meets its <5 years Low [Continue to work towards the
|costs nergy reduction targets by 2030, jenergy reduction targets by 2030,
this risk reflects the increase in jas well identifying other energy
cost as a result of the volatility of saving opportunities.
lenergy prices
Energy costs represent a smaller
roportion of the overall cost
base, and therefore volatility
ould present a smaller risk.
Shifting consumer _[This risk is identified as a concern | 5-10 years Low [Staying up to date on market
preferences due to a that climate conscious consumers. rends to do with environmental
failure to act on ould shift demand away from the jperformance and communicating
|climate change ;ompany if it was deemed not to he Company's ESG journey,
e meeting its decarbonisation fargets and commitments to its
largets or seen to be behind |customers.
\competitors’ journey on climate
change. |The Company has experienced
jpuying teams across all its
itegories who monitor changing
bostomer preferences on an
ngoing basis.
increase in costs due |increase costs incurred by the 10+ years Low [Continue to focus on reducing

lto carbon prices and
jtaxes on GHG
jemissions

yompany as government policies
lo reduce climate change come
into force. This will include costs
assed on to the Company as a
result of increases in costs of raw
jaterials in the products it sells, as
ell as any taxes applied to the
;ompany itself.

emissions across the value chain
jand meeting the Company's
Iscience-based target by 2030

Jork with suppliers to mitigate
pagoina costs related to product
lesign and development.


Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)

Tran:

Risk

ional risks (continued)

Description

Timescale

‘Financial
Impact

itrategic response

he Company continually reviews

preferences due to
lsuccessfully meeting
iclimate targets

en opportunity may exist if the
ompany is deemed to be ahead
\of its competitors at successfully
meeting climate targets and the
\climate conscious consumer could
shift shopping preferences.

|Change in packaging |Increase costs incurred by the <5 years Low
regulations resulting [Company as a result of lits product mix, and supplier base,
lin increased costs jovernment policy in changing ind therefore has a degree of
ackaging regulations. lexibility if faced with changing
regulations on packaging. The
[ompany will continue to work
ith suppliers to ensure any cost
increases are mitigated where
possible.
Increased regulations |Increase costs incurred by the <5 years Low |The Company continually reviews
jon product ompany as a result of its product mix and supplier base
composition and Jovernment policy with increased ind has a degree of flexibility if
procurement fesiton on product composition faced with changing regulations
standards ind procurement standards. In product composition. The
ompany will continue to work
ith suppliers to ensure any cost
increases are mitigated where
ossible.
Opportunities
Risk “Description ~~ | Timescale Strategic response f
Shifting consumer 5-10 years | Medium [Staying up to date on market

rends to do with environmental
performance and increasing
jcommunication about its ESG
journey, targets and
mmitments to customers.

|The Company has experienced
buying teams across all
tegories who monitor
brarcin customer preferences
Nn an ongoing basis.

14


Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)
Metrics and Targets

Having assessed the impact on key risks and opportunities, the Company is committed to a number of
sustainability goals including driving down its Greenhouse Gas ("GHG") emissions and general energy
consumption. This will help to mitigate the impact of volatility of energy costs, any possible taxes on GHG
emissions as well as shifting consumer sentiment on failure to act on climate change.

The Company continues to identify ways to support delivery of these targets, for example installing more
energy efficient LED lighting in new stores and refurbishments, trialling voltage optimisation units and
Building Management systems. In addition, there continues to be improvements in understanding
emissions associated across the Company's value chain.

The AS Watson Group has had its science-based targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative
(“SBTi’) as in line with a 1.5°C trajectory. As part of the AS Watson Group, the Company will be contributing
to the achievement of these targets. For the 2025 financial period the Company has included GHG
reduction targets in executive remuneration plans, to drive further focus onto this area. These targets, and
the progress being made against them, are shown in the table below.

Climate-related topic Target 2024 position
Scope 1 Emissions* 63.5% reduction in absolute scope 1 | 74.9% reduction in scope 1
vs 2018 by 2030 emissions vs 2018
Scope 2 Emissions* 50.4% reduction in absolute scope 2 | 98.1% reduction in scope 2
vs 2018 by 2030 emissions vs 2018

Further information on the Company's GHG emissions can be found on page 17.

In summary, having assessed the risks, the Company believes that the short to medium term climate-
related risks are not material for the business, although it recognises the need to keep abreast of future
climate change legislation as well as consumer preferences. The risks related to climate change are an
integral part of the Company's enterprise risk management process, which the Company uses to continually
assess impact in order to drive the appropriate business decisions.

Future Outlook and Prospects

The directors expect that the UK retail environment will remain challenging and strongly competitive in
2025. Consumer sentiment remains subdued and with the household savings ratio the highest for a number
of years retailers are having to work hard to capture customers spend. At the same time upwards pressure
on operating costs as a result of legislative changes, especially the increase in national insurance
contributions, continue to put a strain on operating margins.

However, the Company's strategy is designed to counter these headwinds. The continued growth in sales
which the Company has delivered over the past few years demonstrates the ongoing relevance of its
customer offer across its broad beauty, health and home product offering, both in-store and online. The
Company is cash generative and with a strong balance sheet has a range of attractive investment
Opportunities open to it to further consolidate its market position and to drive further growth and operating
efficiencies. The directors are confident that the strong trading performance in 2024 will continue into 2025
and beyond.

On behalf of the Board

R AFleming
Director
LS June 2025

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Directors’ Report
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

The directors present their report and the audited Financial Statements of the Company for the 52 weeks
ended 28 December 2024

Future Developments

The directors’ opinion on the outlook and prospects of the Company has been included in the Strategic
Report.

Dividends
During the period dividends of £35.0m were paid (2023: £35.0m).

On 15 April 2025, after the reporting date but before the financial statements issuance, an interim dividend
of £40.0m, for the 52 weeks ended 27 December 2025 was paid to the parent company AS Watson (Health
& Beauty UK) Limited. The dividend is not recognised as a liability in these financial statements as no
obligation existed at the time.

Post Balance Sheet Events

On 20 May 2025 a loan extension was agreed to extend the existing credit agreement with AS Watson
Group (HK) Limited from 15 June 2025 to 15 June 2030.

Directors

The directors have access to the advice and services of the company secretary and board members are
able to take independent professional advice at the Company's expense where they judge it necessary to
discharge their responsibilities as directors.

The directors possess an appropriate balance of skills and experience for the requirements of the business.
The Board and its committees operate within a framework of scheduled meetings, with additional ad hoc
meetings being held, as required.

The directors of the Company during the period and up to the date of approving this report were:

DKMLai

M ML Ngai (appointed on 26 August 2024)
S J Blakemore

P W Macnab

R A Fleming

D A Winchester

Directors’ third-party indemnity provision

As permitted by section 234 of the Companies Act 2006, the Company maintains directors’ and officers’
liability insurance which provides insurance cover against liabilities which directors and other officers of the
Company may incur personally as a consequence of claims made against them alleging breach of duty or
other unlawful acts or omissions in their capacity as directors and officers. The qualifying third-party
indemnity provision was in force during the financial year and also at the date of approval of the financial
statements.

Information included in the Strategic Report

Stakeholder and employee engagement details and interests, and the directors’ opinion on financial risk
management has been included in the Strategic Report.

Employment of Disabled Persons

It is the Company's policy to give full consideration to the possibility of employing disabled persons
wherever suitable opportunities exist. Employees who have become disabled are given every opportunity
and assistance to continue in their employment or to be trained for other suitable positions. It is the policy
of the Company that the training, career development and promotion of disabled persons should be identical
to that of other employees.

16

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Directors’ Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) disclosure

The Company’s environmental reporting accords with SECR requirements, with the reporting period being
the calendar year 2024. The Company's SECR disclosure presents the carbon footprint, together with
appropriate intensity metric and total use of electricity, gas and transport fuels.

Methodology
The Company has employed the service of a specialist external advisor to quantify the Greenhouse Gas

("GHG") emissions associated with the Company’s operations.

The report follows the GHG Reporting Protocol — Corporate Standard as the accepted methodology to meet
the mandatory SECR requirements. The UK government's greenhouse gas conversion factors have been
applied to calculate the carbon emissions to the following reporting standards:

e Greenhouse Gas Protocol - Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (WBCSD & WRI, 2004)

* Greenhouse Gas Protocol —- Scope 2 guidance, amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate
Standard (WNCSD & WRI, 2015). Application of location-based and market-based emission factors
for electricity supplies

« Greenhouse Gas Protocol ~ Corporate Value Chain (scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard
(WBCSD & WRI, 2011)

« Where data was missing, values were estimated using an extrapolation of available data

An operational control approach has been used in order to define the Company's organisational boundary.
This is the basis for determining Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for which the Company is responsible.

The Company has also provided additional optional disclosure regarding certain scope 3 emissions as
these areas are fundamental to the operations of the Company.

The Company has set a benchmark of the 2019 year for comparisons against future emissions, as this
represents the best baseline year prior to Covid-19 impacting operations and emissions.

Energy efficiency action
In the 2024 reporting period, the Company has continued its LED upgrade programme across a further 20

stores, which is estimated to deliver an annual energy reduction of 176,000 KWh. Additionally, energy
efficient heating, ventilation and air-conditioning systems were installed or upgraded in a further one store.

GHG emissions and energy use report Baseline
Year

Year Year Year

Units ended 31 ended 31 ended 31

December December December

2024 2023 2019

Energy consumption used to calculate emissions kWh 50,465,564 51,792,201 55,053,409
Emissions from gas & transport (Scope 1) tCOze 6,228 6,427 6,647
Emissions from purchased electricity (Scope 2) tCOze 4,628 4,766 6,139

Emissions from 3" party logistics & business travel in cars

(Scope 3) tCOze 965 845 1,313
Total gross emissions tCOze 11,821 12,038 14,099
Total gross emissions per £'m of revenue 14.9 15.9 24.7
Carbon offsets procured via Green Electricity Tariff tCO2ze (4,528) (4,680) (6,030)
Total net emissions tCOze 7,294 7,358 8,070
Total net emissions per £'m of revenue 9.2 9.8 14.2
Total net emissions per ‘000 square foot 43 45 5.2


Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Directors’ Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities in respect of the Financial Statements

y
The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the financial statements in accordance
with applicable law and regulation.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law
the directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally
Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 101 "Reduced
Disclosure Framework”, and applicable law).

Under company law, directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for
that period. In preparing the financial statements, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

« — state whether applicable United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101 have been
followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

¢ make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and

¢ prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume
that the Company will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable
steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

The directors are also responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and
explain the Company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position
of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act
2006.

Directors’ confirmations

In the case of each director in office at the date the Directors’ Report is approved:
e so far as the director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's
auditors are unaware, and
e they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a director in order to make themselves
aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditors are aware of
that information

Independent Auditors

Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditors will be deemed to be re-appointed and
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP will therefore continue in office.

On behalf of the Board

Iam -

RA Fleming
Director

LS June 2025

18

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Independent Auditors’ Report to the member of Savers Health and Beauty Limited
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Report on the audit of the financial statements
Opinion
In our opinion, Savers Health and Beauty Limited’s financial statements:

¢ give a true and fair view of the state of the company's affairs as at 28 December 2024 and of its
profit and cash flows for the 52 week period then ended;

e have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure
Framework’, and applicable law); and

« have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual Report and Financial Statements (the
“Annual Report"), which comprise: the Balance Sheet as at 28 December 2024; the Statement of
Comprehensive Income, the Cash Flow Statement and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the period
then ended; and the notes to the financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information
and other explanatory information.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities
for the audit ofthe financial statements section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence

We remained independent of the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to
our audit of the financial statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, as applicable to
other entities of public interest, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
these requirements.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services prohibited by the FRC's Ethical
Standard were not provided.

Other than those disclosed in Note 3 - Operating profit, we have provided no non-audit services to the
company in the period under audit.

Conclusions relating to going concern

Our evaluation of the directors’ assessment of the company’s ability to continue to adopt the going concern
basis of accounting included:

* agreeing the underlying cash flow projections to board-approved forecasts, assessing how these
forecasts are compiled and assessing the accuracy of management's forecasts;

* evaluating the key assumptions used by management within these forecasts including revenue
growth;

* considering the liquidity and available financial resources;

* assessing whether the stress testing performed by management appropriately considered the risks
facing the business; and

« reviewing the adequacy of management's disclosures on going concern and consistency with our
knowledge obtained through the audit.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events
or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue
as a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised
for issue.

Savers Health and Beauty Limited

Independent Auditors’ Report to the member of Savers Health and Beauty Limited
(continued)

For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Conclusions relating to going concern (continued)

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis
of accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this conclusion is not a guarantee
as to the company's ability to continue as a going concern.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in
the relevant sections of this report.

Reporting on other information

The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than the financial
statements and our auditors’ report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information. Our
opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, accordingly, we do not
express an audit opinion or, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, any form of
assurance thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we
identify an apparent material inconsistency or material misstatement, we are required to perform
procedures to conclude whether there is a material misstatement of the financial statements or a material
misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is
a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report based on these responsibilities.

With respect to the Strategic Report and Directors’ Report, we also considered whether the disclosures
required by the UK Companies Act 2006 have been included.

Based on our work undertaken in the course of the audit, the Companies Act 2006 requires us also to report
certain opinions and matters as described below.

Strategic Report and Directors’ Report

In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit, the information given in the Strategic
Report and Directors' Report for the period ended 28 December 2024 is consistent with the financial
statements and has been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

In light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of
the audit, we did not identify any material misstatements in the Strategic Report and Directors’ Report.

Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit
Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements

As explained more fully in the Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities in respect of the Financial
Statements, the directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with
the applicable framework and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view. The directors are also
responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

20

Savers Health and Beauty Limited

Independent Auditors’ Report to the member of Savers Health and Beauty Limited
(continued)

For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit (continued)

Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
financial statements.

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design
procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of
irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities,
including fraud, is detailed below.

Based on our understanding of the company and industry, we identified that the principal risks of non-
compliance with laws and regulations related to health and safety regulations, and we considered the extent
to which non-compliance might have a material effect on the financial statements. We also considered
those laws and regulations that have a direct impact on the financial statements such as UK tax legislation
(including VAT, payroll taxes and income tax) and the Companies Act 2006. We evaluated management's
incentives and opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of the financial statements (including the risk of
override of controls), and determined that the principal risks were related to posting inappropriate journal
entries to increase revenue or reduce expenditure, and management bias in accounting estimates and
judgements. Audit procedures performed by the engagement team included:

« Discussions with management and internal legal counsel, including consideration of known or
suspected instances of non-compliance with laws and regulation and fraud and actual and potential
litigation and claims;

« Review of legal expenditure in the year to identify potential non-compliance with laws and
regulations;

« Review of key correspondence with tax regulatory authorities in relation to compliance with laws and
regulations;

« Challenging assumptions and judgements made by management in their significant accounting
estimates, in particular in relation to impairment of right of use assets and property, plant and
equipment, including the disclosure of such matters in the financial statements;

e Identifying and testing journal entries, in particular any journal entries posted with unusual account
combinations; and

e Performing inquiries of management and reviewing board minutes throughout the financial year and
post year end to identify any unusual items such as suspicious activity, non-compliance, breaches
of laws or potential litigation.

There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above. We are less likely to become aware
of instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations that are not closely related to events and
transactions reflected in the financial statements. Also, the risk of not detecting a material misstatement
due to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate
concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion.

A further description of our responsibilities. for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s
website at: www. frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditors’ report.

21

Savers Health and Beauty Limited

Independent Auditors’ Report to the member of Savers Health and Beauty Limited
(continued)

For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit (continued)

Use of this report

This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the company’s members as a body
in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006 and for no other purpose. We do not,
in giving these opinions, accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to
whom this report is shown or into whose hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior
consent in writing.

Other required reporting

Companies Act 2006 exception reporting

Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
* we have not obtained all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

* adequate accounting records have not been kept by the company, or returns adequate for our
audit have not been received from branches not visited by us; or

e certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
«the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns.

We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.

LAG

Craig Skelton (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
London

25 June 2025

22

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Revenue
Cost of sales

Gross Profit

Administrative expenses
Other operating income

Operating profit
Finance costs

Profit before taxation
Income tax expense

Profit for the financial period

Other comprehensive income

Total comprehensive income for the financial period

52 weeks 52 weeks
ended 28 ended 30
December December
2024 2023
Note £7000 £'000
791,310 754,828
(691,144) (664,123)
100,166 90,705
(27,837) (27,024)
3 2,225 1,557
3 74,554 65,238
6 (4,626) (3,981)
69,928 61,257
7 (17,981) (14,487)
51,947 46,770
51,947 46,770

Revenue and operating profit arise from the Company's continuing operations.

23

Savers Health and Beauty Limited Registered Number: 02202838
Balance Sheet
As at 28 December 2024

At 28 At30
December December
2024 2023
Note £'000 £'000
Fixed assets
Intangible assets 8 75,519 75,584
Property, plant and equipment 9 37,973 33,360
Right-of-use assets 10 59,087 57,736
172,579 166,680
Current assets
Inventories 13 116,557 112,791
Trade and other receivables 14 51,299 57,882
Cash and cash equivalents 71,466 61,129
Total current assets 239,322 231,802
Creditors — amounts falling due within one year
Trade and other payables 15 (123,924) (128,698)
Borrowings 16 (65,000) -
Lease liabilities 10 (17,216) (29,824)
(206,140) (158,522)
Net current assets 33,182 73,280
Total assets less current liabilities 205,761 239,960
Creditors — amounts falling due after more than one year
Borrowings 16 - (65,000)
Lease liabilities 10 (43,550) (30,422)
(43,550) (95,422)
Provisions for liabiliti 17 (3,143) (2,417)
Net assets 159,068 142,121
Equity
Called up share capital 19 1,400 1,400
Share premium account 3 3
Retained earnings 157,665 140,718
Total shareholder’s funds 159,068 142,121

The notes on pages 27 to 41 form part of these financial statements.

These financial statements on pages 23 to 41 were authorised for issue by the Board on 25 June 2025 and
signed on its behalf by:

R A Fleming
Director

24

Savers Health and Beauty Limited

Statement of Changes in Equity

For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

At 1 January 2023

Total comprehensive income for the
financial period

Transactions with shareholder
Dividends paid

At 30 December 2023

Total comprehensive income for the
financial period

Transactions with shareholder
Dividends paid

At 28 December 2024

25

Called up Share Total
share premium Retained Shareholder’s
capital account Earnings funds
£000 £’000 £'000 £'000
1,400 3 128,948 130,351

- - 46,770 46,770

- - (35,000) (35,000)
1,400 3 140,718 142,121
- - 51,947 51,947

- - (35,000) (35,000)
1,400 3 157,665 159,068

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Cash Flow Statement
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

52 weeks 52 weeks
ended 28 ended 30
December December
2024 2023
Notes £'000 £'000
Cash flow from operating activities
Company operating profit 74,554 65,238
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation 8,9,10,11 26,595 26,074
Loss on disposal of property plant and equipment 3 300 155
Loss on disposal of investment property 3 - 91
Gain on early termination of leases (466) (87)
Operating cash flow before movement in working capital 100,983 91,471
Increase in inventory 13 (3,766) (15,883)
Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables 14 6,583 (4,858)
(Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables (8,854) 13,419
Operational cash flow after movement in working capital 94,946 84,149
Interest paid (4,626) (3,981)
Taxation paid (16,663) (7,657)
Net cash inflow from operating activities 73,657 72,511
Cash flow from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment (10,461) (10,543)
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 14 -
Purchase of intangible fixed assets 8 (122) (442)
Net cash used in investing activities (10,569) (10,985)
Cash flow from financing activities
Lease payments 10 (17,751) (18,012)
Dividends paid 18 (35,000) (35,000)
Net cash used in financing activities (52,751) (53,012)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 10,337 8,514
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 61,129 52,615
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 71,466 61,129

26

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

1. Material Accounting Policy Information

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the periods presented, unless otherwise stated

Basis of Preparation

The financial statements of Savers Health and Beauty Limited have been prepared in accordance with
Financial Reporting Standard 101, “Reduced Disclosure Framework” (FRS 101). The financial statements
have been prepared under the historical cost convention and in accordance with the Companies Act 2006,
as applicable for companies using FRS 101. There are no amendments to accounting standards, or IFRIC
interpretations that are effective for the period ended 28 December 2024, or future periods, that have a
material impact on the Company’s financial statements.

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with FRS 101 requires the use of judgements,
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The
estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the
judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or
complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements, are
disclosed in note 2.

The following exemptions from the requirements of IFRS have been applied in the preparation of these
financial statements, in accordance with FRS 101:

e IFRS 7, ‘Financial Instruments: Disclosures’;

e Paragraphs 91 to 99 of IFRS 13, ‘Fair value measurement’ (disclosure of valuation techniques and
inputs used for fair value measurement of assets and liabilities);

e Paragraph 38 of IAS 1, ‘Presentation of financial statements’ comparative information requirements
in respect of:
- Paragraph 79(a) (iv) of IAS 1
- Paragraph 73(e) of IAS 16 Property, plant and equipment
- Paragraph 130(i) of IAS 38 Intangible assets

© The following paragraphs of IAS 1, ‘Presentation of financial statements’:
- 16 (statement of compliance with all IFRS);
-  38B-D (additional comparative information); and
- 134-136 (capital management disclosures);

¢ Paragraph 17 of IAS 24, ‘Related party disclosures’ (key management compensation);

¢ The requirements in IAS 24, ‘Related party disclosures’ to disclose related party transactions
entered into between two or more members of a group;

e Paragraph 130(f)(ii), 130(f)(iii), 134(d) to 134(f) and 135(c) to 135(e) of IAS 36, ‘Impairment of
assets’; and

e Paragraphs 30 and 31 of IAS 8, ‘Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors’
(requirement for the disclosure of information when an entity has not applied a new IFRS that has
been issued but is not yet effective)

e FRS 101 para 8 (iZA) not to disclose the requirements of IAS 12 paras 88c and 88d.

The Company has adopted amendment to IAS 12 international tax reform — Pillar Two for the first time in
these financial statements. There are no material impacts on the amounts recognised in prior periods and
are not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.

Going Concern
The Company’s forecasts and projections, taking account of reasonably possible changes in trading

performance, show that the Company should be able to operate within the level of its current cash reserves
and group loans for a period of a least 12 months from the date of signing these financial statements.

27

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

1. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
Going Concern (continued)

Forecasts have been produced to reflect severe but plausible scenarios. These scenarios consider the
impact reduction in sales as well as increases in operating costs. This still results in a sufficient cash position
before taking into consideration additional cost saving actions including reducing investment capital spend
and other discretionary costs. The Company has sufficient cash reserves to enable it to meet its obligations
as they fall due for a period of a least 12 months from the date of signing these financial statements.

The Company has no external debt and has access to group borrowings via a credit agreement with
AS Watson Group (HK) Limited. Under the agreement, AS Watson Group (HK) Limited has agreed to make
available a credit facility of £75,000,000, charging interest at 5.05%, maturing on 15 June 2030. The
Company has a pooled bank overdraft facility of £20,000,000, which is provided by National Westminster
Bank plc and which is unsecured and repayable on demand. Further information on the Company's
borrowings is given in notes 15 and 16

Having assessed the principal risks, the directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has
adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. The Company therefore
continues to adopt the going concern basis in preparing its financial statements.

Consolidation

The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of AS Watson (Health & Beauty UK) Limited, its immediate
parent company. The smallest group into which the results of the Company are consolidated is AS Watson
Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with its principal place of business in
Hong Kong. The Company's ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party and the largest group to
consolidate these financial statements is CK Hutchison Holdings Limited, a company listed on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The Company is exempt by
virtue of compliance of all conditions in section 401 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to
prepare consolidated financial statements.

Revenue

Revenue represents retail sales to customers in the United Kingdom and is measured at the fair value of
the consideration received or receivable and is recognised on the day that the sale is made. Revenue
through internet sites is recognised once an order has been despatched.

Revenue is shown net of returns and colleague discounts and is stated net of value added tax.

In the opinion of the directors there is only one class of business.

Cost of Sales

Cost of sales consists of expenses incurred in bringing products to a saleable position and condition. Such
costs principally include purchasing of products from suppliers, packaging and distribution costs, direct staff
costs and store costs, including depreciation of store right-of-use assets and property, plant and equipment.
Supplier Income

Supplier incentives, promotional funding, volume related rebates and discounts, collectively known as
‘supplier income’, are deducted from cost of sales and are recognised in accordance with supplier
agreements on an accruals basis as they are earned for each relevant supplier contract. Amounts due
relating to supplier income are recognised within trade receivables, except in cases where the Company
has a legally enforceable right to set-off and intends to offset amounts due from suppliers, in which case
only the new amount receivable or payable is recognised. Accrued supplier income is recognised within
accrued income when earned and not invoiced at the balance sheet date.

Other Operating Income

Other operating income relates to rental income receivable and logistics backhaul income. The income is
recognised on an accruals basis.

28

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

1. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
Foreign Currency

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange
gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at period-end
exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the
statement of comprehensive income.

Intangible Assets
a) Computer software

Computer software is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any provision for impairment.
Externally acquired computer software and software licences are capitalised and amortised on a
straight-line basis over their useful economic lives of between five to seven years. Costs relating to
development of computer software for internal use are capitalised once the recognition criteria of |AS
38 ‘Intangible Assets’ are met. Other development expenditures that do not meet these criteria are
expensed as incurred. When the software is available for its intended use, these costs are amortised on
a straight-line basis over their useful economic lives of between five to seven years. All amortisation is
included within administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income

b) Brands

Brands and trademarks are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. They are not amortised as
they are deemed to have an indefinite useful life. The assets are tested for impairment annually and are
carried at cost less any provision for impairment, and any impairment that is identified is recognised in
the statement of comprehensive income.

The non-amortisation of intangible assets diverges from paragraph 22 of Schedule 1 to “The Large and
Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008” (S1 2008/410), which
requires intangible assets to be written off over their useful economic life. As such, the non-amortisation
of Brands is a departure, for the purposes of giving a true and fair view, from the requirements of
paragraph 22 of Schedule 1 to the Regulations. It is not possible to quantify the effect of the departure
because the Brand is deemed to have an indefinite useful life.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Tangible assets are stated at historic cost, net of accumulated depreciation. The cost of fixed assets is their
historic purchase price, together with any incidental costs of acquisition.

Depreciation is calculated so as to write off the cost of the tangible fixed assets less their estimated residual
values, using the straight-line method, over the following expected useful economic lives of the assets
concerned:

Fixtures, fittings and equipment 5 to 10 years
Land and buildings 15 years

The useful economic lives of assets are reviewed annually.

29

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

1. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
Impairment of Non-Financial Assets

Non-financial assets that have an indefinite useful life and are not subject to amortisation are tested
annually for impairment. All other non-financial assets are tested for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is
recognised in the statement of comprehensive income for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount
exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs
of disposal and value in use. Prior impairments of non-financial assets are reviewed for possible reversal
at each reporting date.

Inventories

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value, at weighted average cost and consists
of finished goods purchased for resale. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
course of business, less estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Provisions are made as appropriate
for shrinkage and slow moving items.

Trade and Other Receivables

Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less
any provision for impairment. A provision for impairment is established when the carrying value of the
receivable exceeds the present value of the future cash flows discounted using the original effective interest
rate. The carrying value of the receivable is reduced and any impairment loss is recognised in the statement
of comprehensive income

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term highly
liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known.
amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, credit card receipts and
bank overdrafts.

Trade Payables

Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course
of business from suppliers. Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured
at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Borrowings

Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
subsequently carried at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and
the redemption value is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income over the period of the
borrowings using the effective interest method.

Current and Deferred Income Tax

The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the statement of
comprehensive income, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive
income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or
directly in equity, respectively.

The current income tax charge is the amount of income tax payable in respect of taxable profit for the period
or prior periods. Tax is calculated at the rate relevant to the financial period.

Deferred income tax is recognised on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and
liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not
recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill; or arise from initial recognition of an asset
or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.

30

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

1. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)

Current and Deferred Income Tax (continued)

Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset
is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled

Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will
be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
assets and current tax liabilities and where the assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the
same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an
intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present obligation as a result of a past event, it is
probable that a transfer of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation,.and a reliable estimate
can be made of the amount of the obligation. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions
are discounted using a discount rate that reflects the risks specific to the liability.

Leases

Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability at the date at which the
leased asset is available for use by the Company.

Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. However, the Company has elected not to
separate lease and non-lease components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.

Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
include the net present value of the following lease payments:

« fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable

* variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate

* amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees

¢ the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option

« payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that

option

Extension and termination options are included in a number of leases across the Company. These terms.
are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. In determining the lease term,
management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an
extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination
options) are only included in the lease term and measurement of the liability if the lease is reasonably
certain to be extended (or not terminated).

The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Company, the lessees incremental borrowing rate
is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset
of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and
conditions.

To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Company:
e uses recent third party financing received by the Company as a starting point, adjusted to reflect
changes in financing conditions since third party financing were received.
e makes adjustments specific to the lease (e.g. lease term, country, currency and security).

The Company is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or
rate, which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments.
based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use
asset.

31

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

1. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
Leases (continued)

Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or
loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of
the liability for each period.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
e the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
* any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received
* any initial direct costs

Employee Benefits

The Company operates a defined contribution scheme for its employees. A defined contribution scheme is
a pension plan under which the Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity.

For defined contribution plans, the Company pays contributions to publicly or privately administered
pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Company has no further
payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as an
employee benefit expense when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the
extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.

2. Critical accounting estimates and judgments

The Company makes judgements and assumptions concerning the future that impact the application of
policies and reported amounts. The resulting accounting estimates calculated using these judgements and
assumptions will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results but are based on historical
experience and expectations of future events.

The judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty that have a significant effect on the amounts
recognised in the financial statements are discussed below.

Significant estimates and assumptions

a) Impairment

Financial assets and non-financial assets, right-of-use assets and property, plant and equipment are
subject to impairment reviews based on whether current or future events and circumstances suggest that
their recoverable amount may be less than their carrying value. Recoverable amount is based on the higher
of the value in use and fair value less costs to dispose. Value in use is calculated from expected future cash
flows using suitable discount rates and includes management assumptions and estimates of future
performance. Trade receivables are impaired on expected credit loss basis.

The Company tests whether assets have suffered any impairment on an annual basis. The level of
profitability of the cash generating unit (CGU’s) represents the trigger for impairment assessment. For the
reporting periods the recoverable amount of the CGUs, being individual stores that have indicated signs of
impairment, was determined based on value in use calculations.

The value in use has been calculated using the cash flow performance from the current period adjusted for
the next five years based on the Board approved five-year plan. Sales forecasts are based on sales growth
of 2.5% per annum. The assumptions include estimated gross margin based on market segment and
location. Operating costs are based on the current structure of the business, adjusting for inflationary
increases but not reflecting any future cost-saving measures.

The resulting cash flows are discounted using a pre-tax discount rate of 9.1% (2023: 9.1%) and compared
to the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment and right-of-use assets.

No impairment charge was booked in the period (2023: nil).

32

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

2. Critical accounting estimates and judgements (continued)
a) Impairment (continued)

The following sensitivities have been applied to the calculation of impairments on assets at store level:
* Sales reduction of 5.0% for 2025 to 2029
¢ Sales increase of 5.0% for 2025 to 2029
e Pre-tax discount rate 1.0% higher

These assumptions have no material impact on impairment calculation.

3. Operating profit

Operating profit is stated after charging/(crediting):
52 weeks 52 weeks
ended 28 ended 30
December December

2024 2023

Note £'000 £'000
Expenses relating to short term leases 541 546
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 9 300 155
Loss on disposal of investment property an - 91
Amortisation of intangible assets 8 187 151
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 9 9,020 8,508
Depreciation of right-of-use assets 10 17,388 17,401
Depreciation of investment property 1 - 14
Amounts payable to the Company's auditors
- audit fees 208 195
- audit related assurance services 1 8
- non-audit related assurance services 2 2
Other operating income:
- Rental income (12) (110)
- Other income (2,213) (1,447)

33

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

4. Employees

The total aggregate remuneration comprises:

52 weeks
ended 28
December
2024
£000

Wages and salaries
Social security costs
Other pension costs
Total staff costs

109,579
6,366
1,874

117,819

The average monthly number of persons employed by the Company during the period was:

52 weeks
ended 28
December
2024

No.
By activity:

Selling

5,003
Administration

107
5,110

5. Directors

52 weeks
ended 30
December
2023
£7000

100,625
5,176
1,542

107,343

52 weeks
ended 30
December
2023

No.

4,935
99
5,034

The directors’ emoluments, which comprise solely of those relating to the highest paid director, were as

follows:

52 weeks 52 weeks
ended 28 ended 30
December December

2024
£000

Remuneration

1,191
Long term incentive plan

93

1,284

The Company has no share-based schemes and all remuneration is settled in cash.

There are no post-employment benefits accruing under the Company's defined benefit scheme.

2023
£7000

1,081
30

1,111

The other directors are remunerated by other group entities which do not recharge the Company. These

directors do not receive any remuneration for their services to the Company.

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

6. Finance costs

Interest payable on loans from group undertakings
Interest expense on lease liabilities

Total finance cost

7. Income tax expense

Tax expense included in the statement of comprehensive income

UK corporation tax on profits for the period
Adjustment in respect of prior periods

Total current tax
Origination and reversal of timing differences
Total deferred tax

Income tax expense

52 weeks 52 weeks
ended 28 ended 30
December December
2024 2023
Note £7000 £7000
2,269 2,269
10 2,357 1,712
4,626 3,981
52weeks 52 weeks
ended 28 = ended 30
December December
2024 2023
£'000 £'000
17,502 15,460
(744) (704)
16,758 14,756
1,223 (269)
1,223 (269)
17,984 14,487

The effective rate of 25.7% (2023: 23.6%) is higher than the standard UK corporation tax rate of 25% (2023:

23.5%). The differences are:

Profit before taxation

Profit before tax at standard UK corporation tax rate of 25% (2023:
23.5%)

Effects of:
Non-deductible expenses
Adjustment in respect of prior periods

Income tax expense

35

52 weeks
ended 28
December
2024
£000

69,928
17,482
1,243
(744)

17,981

52 weeks
ended 30
December
2023
£'000

61,257

14,395

796
(704)

14,487

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

8. Intangible assets

Cost

At 31 December 2023
Additions

Disposals

At 28 December 2024

Accumulated amortisation
At 31 December 2023
Charge for the period
Disposals

At 28 December 2024

Net book value
At 28 December 2024

At 30 December 2023

In the period no impairment charge was made (2023: nil).

Computer

Brands software Total
£000 £'000 £'000
75,000 911 75,911
- 122 122

- (124) 124)
75,000 909 75,909
: 327 327

- 187 187
: (124) (124)

- 390 390
75,000 519 75,519
75,000 584. 75,584

Intangible assets amortisation of £75,000 (2023: £71,000) is recorded in cost of sales and £112,000 (2023:
£80,000) is recorded in administrative expenses in the statement of comprehensive income.

9. Property, plant and equipment

Cost

At 31 December 2023
Additions

Disposals

At 28 December 2024

Accumulated depreciation
At 31 December 2023
Charge for the period
Eliminated on disposals

At 28 December 2024

Net book value
At 28 December 2024

At 30 December 2023

Fixtures,
Land and fittings and
buildings equipment Total
£°000 £7000 £7000
1,828 61,711 63,539
- 13,947 13,947
5 (7,482) (7,482)
1,828 68,176 70,004
32 30,147 30,179
87 8,933 9,020
- (7,168) (7,168)
119 . 31,912 32,031
1,709 36,264 37,973
1,796 31,564 33,360

Depreciation of £8,887,000 (2023: £8,381 ,000) is recorded in cost of sales and £133,000 (2023: £127,000)
is recorded in administrative expenses in the statement of comprehensive income.

36

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

10. Right-of-use assets

Retail

Stores Others Total

£'000 £'000 £'000
At 1 January 2023 61,132 523 61,655
Additions 12,977 569 13,546
Re-measurements (64) - (64)
Depreciation (17,125) (276) (17,401)
At 30 December 2023 56,920 816 57,736
Additions 16,230 414 16,644
Re-measurements 2,095 - 2,095
Depreciation (17,089) (299) (17,388)
At 28 December 2024 58,156 934 59,087

Depreciation of £17,302,000 (2023: £17,127,000) is recorded in cost of sales and £86,000 (2023:
£274,000) is recorded in administrative expenses in the statement of comprehensive income.

Re-measurements include a change in scope of the lease, or the consideration of a lease, that was not
part of the original terms and conditions of use, including terminating the right-of-use, or extending or

shortening the contractual lease term.

Lease liabilities

Current
Non-current

The current and future undiscounted cashflows for the lease liabilities are:

Within 1 year

Between 1 and 2 years
Between 2 and 5 years
More than 5 years

At 28

December

2024
£'000

17,216
43,550
60,766

At 28

December

2024
£'000

19,083
16,398
25,645

5,751
66,877

At 30
December
2023
£7000

29,824
30,422
60,246

At 30
December
2023
£'000

32,721
13,093
16,130

2,896
64,840

The total cash outflow for the period was £20,109,000, being £17,751,000 of principal and £2,357,000 of
interest. (2023: £19,724,000 being £18,012,000 of principal and £1,712,000 of interest).

37

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

11. Investment property

Cost

At the beginning of the financial period
Transfer to owner-occupied property
Disposal

At the end of the financial period
Accumulated depreciation

At the beginning of the financial period
Charge for the period

Transfer to owner-occupied property
Disposals

At the end of the financial period

Net book value

At 28 At 30
December December
2024 2023

£'000 £'000

- 2,992
- (2.709)
- (283)

- 1,033
: 14
: (855)
- (192)

The investment property was let to a commercial user on an operating lease which expired in 2023. Property
rental income recognised by the Company in period ending 28 December 2024 was £fnil (2023: £145,000)
which is net of all direct costs associated with the leasing of the property except depreciation. On 1 May 2023
the investment property was transferred to land and buildings as an owner-occupied property.

12. Deferred tax

Accelerated Lease
capital Temporary Accounting
allowances _ differences IFRS16 Total
£'000 £’000 £'000 £'000
At 1 January 2023 388 (727) 60 (279)
Credit/(charge) to the statement of 286 43 (60) 269
comprehensive income
At 30 December 2023 674 (684) : 10
Charge to the statement of (1,148) (75) - (1,223)
comprehensive income
At 28 December 2024 (474) (759) : 1,233
13. Inventories
At 28 At 30
December December
2024 2023
£°000 £7000
Finished goods and goods for resale 116,557 112,791

The value of inventories recognised as an expense and charged to cost of sales for the 52 weeks ended
28 December 2024 was £537,811,000 (2023: £515,820,000). Inventories are stated after provisions for
impairment of £6,032,000 (2023: £6,512,000). There is no material difference between carrying amount

and replacement cost of the inventory.

38

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

14, Trade and other receivables

At 28 At 30

December December

2024 2023

£000 £'000

Trade receivables 6,643 10,909
Prepayments 2,677 2,054
Accrued income 41,979 44,919

$1,299 57,882

Trade receivables are stated after provisions for impairment of £19,000 (2023: £349,000).

15. Trade and other payables

At 28 At 30

December December

2024 2023

£7000 £’000

Trade creditors 24,475 32,855
Amounts owed to group undertakings 32,213 37,688
Corporation tax 24,610 24,513
Other taxation and social security 1,368 1,363
Accruals 26,157 22,095
Other creditors 15,101 10,184

123,924 128,698

The Company has a pooled bank overdraft facility of £20,000,000, which is provided by National
Westminster Bank pic and which is unsecured and repayable on demand. Interest is payable at National
Westminster Bank plc base rate plus 1.25%. During the period there were no drawings (2023: nil) on this
facility.

Amounts owed to group undertakings are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.

16. Borrowings

At 28 December 2024 At 30 December 2023

Current Non-current Current Non-current

£000 £7000 £7000 £'000

Amounts owed to group undertakings 65,000 : : 65,000

Borrowings relate to a credit agreement with AS Watson Group (HK) Limited. Under the agreement,
AS Watson Group (HK) Limited has agreed to make available in total a credit facility of £75,000,000,
charging interest at 3.5%, maturing on 15 June 2025.

On 20 May 20285, the credit agreement with AS Watson Group (HK) Limited was extended to 15 June 2030,
charging interest at 5.05% per annum

At the period end, the amount borrowed on this credit facility was £65,000,000. No repayments were made
during the period ended 28 December 2024 (2023: nil).

39

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

17. Provisions for liabilities

Deferred tax Other Total

Liability Provisions Provisions

£'000 £000 £'000

At 31 December 2022 279 925 1,204

(Credit)/charge to the statement of comprehensive (269) 4,714 4,445
income

Utilised in the period - (232) (232)

At 30 December 2023 10 2,407 2,417

Charge to the statement of comprehensive income 1,223 96 1,319

Utilised in the period - (593) (593)

At 28 December 2024 1,233 1,910 3,143

Other provisions comprise estimates for store closure costs, including dilapidations and store exit costs.

18. Dividends paid

£25.00 per ordinary share of £1 each (2023: £25.00 per ordinary share of £1
each)

19. Called up share capital

Allotted and fully paid ordinary shares of £1 each (£’000)

Number of shares ('000 shares)

20. Capital and other commitments

52 weeks 52 weeks
ended 28 ended 30
December December
2024 2023
£7000 £7000
35,000 35,000
At 28 At30
December December
2024 2023
£7000 £'000
1,400 1,400
1,400 1,400

At 28 December 2024 the Company had a duty deferment guarantee in favour of HM Customs & Excise

to the value of £200,000 (2023: £100,000).

The Company has no capital commitments (2023: nil).

40

Savers Health and Beauty Limited
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

21. Controlling parties

The Company's immediate parent undertaking is AS Watson (Health & Beauty UK) Limited, a company
registered in England. The smallest group into which the results of the Company are consolidated is
AS Watson Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with its principal place of
business in Hong Kong. The registered office is PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104,
Cayman Islands. The financial statements of AS Watson Holdings Limited are not publicly available.

The Company’s ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party and the largest group to consolidate
these financial statements is CK Hutchison Holdings Limited, a company listed on The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited and incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The registered office of CK Hutchison
Holdings Limited is PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. The financial
statements of CK Hutchison Holdings Limited can be obtained from 48th Floor, Cheung Kong Center, 2
Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong.

4a
