Registered Number 00807043

Superdrug Stores plc
Annual Report and Financial Statements

For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

mE

26/06/2025 #112
COMPANIES HOUSE i

THURSDAY

Superdrug Stores plc
Annual Report and Financial Statements
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Contents

Strategic Report

Directors’ Report

Independent Auditors’ Report
Statement of Comprehensive Income
Balance Sheet

Statement of Changes in Equity
Cash Flow Statement

Notes to the Financial Statements

Page

17
20
24
25
26
27
28

Superdrug Stores plc
Strategic Report
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

The directors present their Strategic Report for the 52 weeks ended 28 December 2024.
General Information

The Company is a public company, limited by shares and is incorporated and domiciled in England, in the
United Kingdom. The registered number of the Company is 00807043. The address of its registered office is
51 Sydenham Road, Croydon, Surrey CRO 2EU. The Company is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of AS
Watson Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands, with its principal place of business
in Hong Kong.

During the financial period some of the AS Watson Group of Companies changed the name from A.S. Watson
to AS Watson. This change has been reflected in these financial statements.

Principal Activity
The principal activity of the Company is a health and beauty retailer in the United Kingdom.
Results and Business Review

The Company has had a strong financial period with sales increasing by 7.0% (2023: 11.8%). Despite UK
retail footfall being subdued all year, the Company showed resilience to grow sales in its retail stores and
online channels. Total sales continue to be supported by the opening of new stores as well as the ongoing
refurbishment programme of existing stores. During the period the Company opened 13 new stores (2023:
14). The continued pressure on consumers' ‘disposable income, coupled with fluctuating consumer
confidence, means that Superdrug's promotion led offering, and everyday low prices on own brand products,
continues to be attractive.

Profit before tax was £136.8 million (2023: £111.6 million), an increase of 22.6% that is primarily attributable
to the strong sales growth. In addition, the Company’s continued focus on productivity and cost efficiency
coupled with the increase in sales resulted in an increase in operating margin from 8.0% to 8.8%. Net assets
at 28 December 2024 were £439.8 million (2023: £378.8 million), with total assets of £1,176.7 million (2023:
£1,101.8 million) and total liabilities of £736.8 million (2023: £723.0 million).

The Company continued to be in a strong cash position, which stood at £200.6 million at the period end
(2023: £161.5 million). The increase in the cash position was driven by the increase in trade and enabled the
Company to invest in higher stock levels to drive availability plus to repay the remaining £30.0 million
intercompany loan from its parent company AS Watson (Health & Beauty UK) Limited.

Business Environment

2024 was another tough year for the retail sector and although inflation reduced throughout the year the
legacy impact of higher prices, and sustained higher interest rates, contributed to squeezing consumers’
disposable income. The continued “cost of living” crisis was prevalent throughout the year meaning
customers shopped around as they became more price sensitive. Total high street footfall across the UK was
down on 2023, as measured by the British Retail Consortium, although the health and beauty sector was
one of the few market groups to see retail sales growth year on year. Government driven decisions on areas
like National Minimum Wage has compounded wage inflation and continues to put pressure on operating
margins for retailers, which the Company strives to offset through its cost efficiency and procurement
activities.

Strategy

The Company continues to aim to be the best in everyday accessible beauty and health. 2024 saw the
opening of 13 new stores as the Company continues to actively manage its store estate. There has also
been ongoing investment in the refurbishment and extension of existing sites to create a more inviting and
modern shopping environment. In 2024, the Stratford Westfield store reopened following an extension as
the largest store in the estate, trading off 9,900 sq ft.

Superdrug Stores pic
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Strategy (continued)

“Offline plus Online” (O&O) remains a central strategic pillar for the Company. The online experience has
been driven by improvements to user experience on the website, the launch of a new version of the App, and
by offering a range of customer-centric delivery options including a 30-minute click & collect service.

The Company's Health & Beauty card customer loyalty programme remains pivotal to the engagement with
its customers. “Member Only” pricing deals have continued to play a part in the promotional offering, in
conjunction with standard promotions open to all, and have helped to deliver an increase in visit frequency
and loyalty.

Principal Risks and Uncertainties

The management of the Company and the execution of the Company’s strategy are subject to a number of
principal risks. These risks are reviewed formally by the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) and
appropriate processes put in place to monitor and mitigate them. If more than one event occurs, it is possible
that the overall effect of such events would compound the possible adverse effects. The key business risks
are as follows:

Social and environmental
Risk and Impact

Managing the impact that the Company has on the planet and tackling climate change is critical from both a
social and regulatory standpoint. Customers are increasingly recognising the need for the Company to be
sustainable in the products it offers, as the global effects of climate change have become more visible in
recent years. This also needs to be integrated within business decisions and strategy. Non-compliance from
a social or regulatory prospective could lead to reputational damage to the Company and potential penalties.

Controls and mitigation in place

The Chief Executive Officer is a member of the AS Watson Group Global Sustainability Committee, which is
responsible for the AS Watson Group Sustainability Roadmap. This roadmap is ambitious and aims to reduce
the environmental and social impact of the material risks identified. The Company also has a dedicated
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) team, demonstrating the Company's commitment in this area.

The Company organises its ESG strategy around the pillars of Planet, People and Product along with a local
Sustainability Roadmap. The Sustainability Roadmap includes quantitative and qualitative targets up to 2030
including, but not limited to, energy reductions, emissions reduction, Own Brand packaging, sustainably
sourced paper and paim oil. The Company contributes actively to AS Watson Group's commitments to
Sustainable Palm Oil, The Ellen MacArthur Foundation, New Plastic Economy and the Science Based Target
Initiative.

The Company is committed to being an ethical business and focussing on human rights. The Company has.
a Modern Slavery Task Force and publishes a modern slavery statement. The Company has partnered with
a UK modern slavery NGO (non-governmental organisation) to support its activities in reducing the risk of
modern slavery within the business. The Company also supports a number of NGOs for causes that are
important to our customers and colleagues, through fundraising and awareness raising activities.

Superdrug Stores pic
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Principal Risks and Uncertainties (continued)

Cyber security and Data privacy
Risk and Impact

The increasingly digitised nature of retail means that improper controls over data and systems could lead to
a breach of customer, staff, or supplier data in the event of a cyber-security incident. This could lead to a
significant reputational harm to the Company which could cause risks to the financial performance of the
Company in addition to any fines and potential penalties.

Controls and mitigation in place

The Company works closely with experts within the wider AS Watson Group to leverage capability and
technology to constantly monitor and improve this area. Compliance with data protection regulations and
adhering to industry-specific standards is a core action to ensure the lawful and secure processing of relevant
information.

Controls and procedures are in place to identify cybersecurity risks and incidents, with a 24x7 Security
Operations Centre ("SOC") providing real-time threat and incident monitoring and detection. The network
and systems storing sensitive data are monitored and periodically reviewed. Access is monitored and
analysed by the SOC.

To foster a culture of data privacy and security and reduce the risk of internal breaches, employee training
and awareness programs are essential. The Company educates staff about the significance of the risk and
their responsibility in protecting their own personal data and the organisation's information and assets.

IT and business systems
Risk and Impact

The Company relies on its IT infrastructure to deliver its operations, drive major change programmes and
allow the business to keep pace with technological developments and the opportunities they present. The
security, resilience and control of these key assets are significant to and a key focus of management. Any
significant issues with key IT infrastructure could lead to a detrimental impact on trade, profitability, and cash
flow.

Controls and mitigation in place

The Company has system recovery plans in place to deal with any problems of key systems with testing
taking place periodically to ensure swift action to help minimise business disruption. The efficiency and
resilience of key IT assets and investment in the IT environment are a key focus of management and our
investment strategy.

Network segmentation is implemented across the Company’s network to ensure resilience and reduce the
risk of systems failure contagion. Protection measures such as network firewalls, web application firewalls,
network detection and response tools are also in use. Security incident monitoring is available and provided
by the SOC run by an internal team with the assistance of vendor insight.

Penetration tests are periodically performed at least once per year. A Patch management program is also in
place to apply latest patches to systems to ensure these are constantly up to date and minimising the risk of
inappropriate access or systems compromise. Vulnerability scans are performed at least monthly to identify
missing patches, and there is a daily dashboard showing the patching status of different platforms enabling
real time management review.

The Company continues to invest in developing its IT infrastructure with a portion of the capital expenditure
budget ringfenced for this area

Superdrug Stores plc
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Principal Risks and Uncertainties (continued)
People and culture

Risk and Impact

The Company's performance depends largely on its staff and continued service of key management. The
loss of key individuals and the inability to recruit people with the right experience and skills could adversely
impact the Company's results and future growth.

Controls and mitigation in place

The Company continues to run programmes to improve staff retention, for example its long-established retail
management training and Aspire development programme to drive internal career progression.

The Company offers apprenticeship programmes across various functions within the business and regular
in person and digital training courses through an internal platform which supports the Company's ability to
develop and retain talent. During the period, the Company launched a new campaign, “Rise-Up, Level-Up”,
to shine a light on the importance of apprenticeships for young people.

It is becoming increasingly important for modern businesses to support staff wellbeing and expand the range
of employee benefits. Employees have a range of methods to communicate suggestions and proposals
including the employee engagement survey and various forums within an employee portal. The Company
also has a competitive rewards and benefits package for all staff and enhanced benefits when service
milestones have been surpassed.

Competition
Risk and Impact

The Company operates in a highly competitive retail market particularly concerning price, product availability
and quality. Failing to respond to changing customer needs and offering competitive prices could result in
downward pressures on volumes and margins which may limit growth opportunities.

Controls and mitigation in place

To remain a competitive option for consumers, market research is carried out, prices are monitored on a
regular basis, pricing is adjusted accordingly, and the Company carries out planned promotional activities.

The Company has also focussed on building strong relationships with both suppliers and customers - this is
demonstrated by the Health & Beauty card, loyalty scheme where members are able to redeem points and
take advantage of member only pricing.

The products the Company produces or has contractually manufactured under the Company's guidance are
key to the Company's success by demonstrating a unique “Own Brand” offering. Additionally, the Company
constantly reviews the market and customer landscape to identify shifts in behaviour and competitive
developments and takes action as appropriate to continue to be an attractive option for customers.

Operating costs and efficiency
Risk and Impact

The Company is exposed to market movements across a significant part of its cost base. External challenges
such as inflation, and rising living and employment costs, continue to have a notable impact on the UK. It is
critical to ensure the Company is fit for the challenges that lie ahead by having strategies in place to mitigate
these external pressures as they place considerable pressure on direct commodity costs and across the
range of goods and services the Company procures to sustain its operations.

Superdrug Stores pic
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Principal Risks and Uncertainties (continued)

Operating costs and efficiency (continued)

Controls and mitigation in place

The Company constantly focuses on its cost base and seeks to drive cost reductions through procurement
activities and operational efficiencies to control the risk of price rises and for them to be kept to a minimum
The Company has a robust and regular business forecasting process to model the expected impact of any
market movements on the business.

Supply chain disruption
Risk and Impact

The Company relies upon third party suppliers to deliver products and provide services on a timely basis to
meet the demands of its customers. The risk of disruption and inflationary pressures within the supply chain
could have a negative impact on the profitability and growth of the business. Furthermore, the inability to
service the requirements of its customers could result in reputational damage to the Company.

Controls and mitigation in place

The Company works closely with key suppliers to form effective partnerships to ensure capacity and service
levels are in line with both current activities and future growth plans. The Company also manages the risk of
service failure by carrying sufficient buffer stock in its warehouses and stores, plus the constant engagement
with alternative market operators should supply routes or service provision need to be switched.

All suppliers are required to adhere to the Company’s supplier code of conduct, with new suppliers required
to go through due diligence screenings supported by a third party, which mitigates the risk of unethical
practices causing reputational damage.

Key Performance Indicators (“KPIs”)

The directors monitor progress of the Company's performance by reference to the following KPIs:

52 weeks 52 weeks
ended 28 ended 30
December December

2024 2023
Revenue £1,634.5m £1,528.0m
Operating profit £144.2m £121.9m
Operating margin 8.8% 8.0%

Superdrug Stores plc
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Financial Risk Management

The Company is funded by operationally generated cash flow, group loans and external short term bank
overdraft facilities if required. The Company sets financial risk management policies in accordance with AS
Watson Group's policies and procedures. The AS Watson Group is part of the CK Hutchison Holdings Limited
group. Treasury policies are designed to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in interest rates and exchange
rates and to minimise the Company's financial risk.

a) Credit risk

Short-term surplus bank funds are placed with high quality financial institutions. As the Company’s retail
sales are usually in cash or by credit or debit card, credit risk is to a great extent short-term and limited to the
recovery of supplier income.

b) Liquidity risk

The Company's liquidity risk is mitigated by internal funding primarily from its fellow group company, AS
Watson Group (HK) Limited, in order to meet the Company's funding requirements.

c) Foreign exchange risk

The Company’s direct foreign exchange exposure is minimal, with most purchases contracted and paid for
in sterling. The Company has a greater exposure to indirect foreign exchange currency risk from stock
purchases which it manages through ongoing planning and review with key suppliers.

The Company’s financial instruments consist of cash, bank overdrafts, intercompany balances with AS
Watson group companies, trade receivables and trade payables. The carrying value of these are all recorded
at amortised cost. Their contractual maturities are less than one year, with the exception of the group
borrowings disclosed in note 16.

Companies Act 2006 Section 172 (1) Statement

Under section 172 (a) to (f) of the Companies Act 2006, directors of a company are required to act in a way
they consider, in good faith, would most likely promote the success of the company for the benefit of its
members as a whole, having regard to a range of different matters as stated therein.

The duty emphasises that the board of directors must consider the wider impact of its decisions, rather than
just the financial and strategic elements. The board should also create a culture whereby the long-term
consequences of its actions and the long-term success of the Company are given due consideration.

(i) The likely consequences of any decision in the long term

It is essential that the Board makes decisions which are best for the Company in the long term. These
decisions are focussed on long-term success, not short-term gains, which will stand the Company in good
stead for the future. This has been a major focus for a number of years, particularly in light of the continued
pressure on the high street as a result of the struggling retail market.

The Company works closely with its shareholder and stakeholders to review, update and agree its five-year
strategy each year. Consideration is given to the changing retail landscape and investments that may be
needed to support future growth as well as financial projections. The strategy is formally signed off by the
Board each year, which then forms the basis for the operating plans to deliver against the agreed targets.

The Investment Committee of the Company, chaired by the Chief Executive and supported by the Finance
Director, holds regular meetings to ensure all significant spend decisions have a comprehensive review
before decisions are taken and contracts are signed. This also ensures, to the extent possible, that
commitments with sufficient flexibility or otherwise only minimum commitments will be entered into by the
Company, so as to allow the Company to remain agile in an ever-changing environment at a time where the
nature of the high street is changing rapidly across various town centres.

Superdrug Stores pic
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Companies Act 2006 Section 172 (1) Statement (continued)
(ii) The interest of the employees of the Company

The relationship with the employees of the Company is paramount. The Company actively engages with its
employees to ensure that their opinions and ideas are always considered, and that employees are kept up
to date and informed. The Company holds an annual conference for Store Managers and Assistant Store
Managers to provide an update on the current performance and future plans of the Company. Regular
conferences are also held for Head Office employees, and equivalent ‘all hands’ meetings also take place at
its Distribution Centres.

All employees have access to a social networking platform, which is used for Company communication, as
well as sharing less formal messages with each other on store events, like charity fundraising. Access to this
collaborative network helps to drive employee engagement. Throughout the year employees receive regular
communication and updates from the Chief Executive and other members of the Executive team so that they
are kept up to date and informed of business action, and of the impact of the situation on business
performance.

The Company has a diversity and inclusion strategy, “Everyone Matters”, which remains a key priority across
the business. The Company also has an employee engagement survey which allows the business to gain
feedback to improve the things that matter most to employees, launching new policies, toolkits, and benefits
to enhance its wellbeing and inclusion offering.

Employee wellbeing is very important to the Company and it strives to create a positive environment that
empowers and takes care of employees’ overall wellbeing. Benefits are offered across financial, social,
physical and mental wellbeing. Mental health training and free period products are available for all
employees. The Company was awarded a Bronze award during the year for being an inclusive employer as
part of Stonewall's diversity champions program. The Company also offers enhanced various employee
benefits such as a pregnancy loss scheme, paternity leave and shared parental/adoption leave.

The Company is also a strong supporter of its defined benefit pension scheme, taking seriously its
responsibilities to ensure the retirement obligations are funded and secured appropriately for its employees.
The Finance Director and the People Director meet with the Trustees of the scheme on a quarterly basis to
this end.

(iii) The need to foster the business relationships of the Company with suppliers, customers and others

In allinstances the Company aims to create and maintain open and transparent business relationships, which
are paramount to ensuring high quality products can be obtained on terms that can meet customer demand.
The directors are also mindful of the need to maintain, and enhance, good supplier relationships in the
strategy they deliver for the Company.

The Company participates in regular independent surveys across its key suppliers, seeking feedback on
matters such as Clarity of strategy, business practices and payment performance. The Chief Commercial
Officer, Trading Director and Healthcare Director also hold regular “top to top” meetings with major suppliers
to ensure that open communication channels and positive business relationships are maintained.

The Company acknowledges the importance of its customers to the continued and long-term success of the
business, and places great emphasis on customer experience whilst shopping. Through the Company's
loyalty scheme, store level surveys are undertaken on a weekly basis with customers to gain real-time
feedback with a view to improving customer service.

Superdrug Stores plc
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Companies Act 2006 Section 172 (1) Statement (continued)

(iv) The impact of the operations of the Company on the community and the environment

The Company has a dedicated ESG team to drive its wider sustainability strategy which is headed by the
Property Director and the People Director under the banner of “Doing Good Feels Super”, which provides
central oversight to all the ESG activities of the Company. Additionally, the Chief Executive represents the
Company on the global AS Watson Group CSR Committee ensuring that the Company benefits from group-
wide expertise and resources in this important area.

The Company has 3 strategic pillars for ESG which are Planet, People and Product along with a local
Sustainability Roadmap. The Sustainability Roadmap includes qualitative targets up to 2030 including, but
not limited to, energy and greenhouse gas emissions reductions. The Company is committed to being an
ethical business and focussing on human rights. The Company has a Modern Slavery Task Force and
publishes a modern slavery statement. The Company also partners with a UK modern slavery NGO (non-
governmental organisation) to support in reducing the risk of modern slavery within the business.

During the year the Company received an ‘Outstanding Achievement Award” for its partnership with Pennies.
Pennies provide a digital charity box service at the till, working with retailers to give customers the option to
donate ‘electronic change’ to charities. Through implementing Pennies across our store estate the Company
raised over £0.5m for Marie Curie which was enough to fund over 21,000 hours of nursing care.

(v) The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct

The Company expects the highest standard of business conduct from its employees. They receive regular
regulatory and compliance updates, and the Company also has in place policies, procedures and processes
in respect of modern slavery, anti-bribery and corruption, as well as tax strategy.

All employees sign up to the AS Watson Code of Conduct upon joining the Company, which sets out the
minimum standards for all employees of the AS Watson Group of companies. The Code aims to promote
honest and ethical conduct and encourage trust, fair dealing and integrity in all interactions with customers,
suppliers, colleagues and stakeholders.

The Company was the winner of the RoSPA Health and Safety Award for the Wholesale & Retail Sector for
2024. The internationally renowned award recognises organisations for their unwavering commitment to
protecting lives and setting the benchmark for prestige and inspiring sector-wide admiration.

(vi) The need to act fairly as between members of the Company

The Company works closely with its shareholder; agreeing the strategic direction, reviewing financial
performance and major investment decisions, and maintaining an open communication on matters of
importance. Such approach drives benefits for both the Company and its shareholder.

Corporate Governance

The Company is part of the AS Watson Group of companies (“ASW Group’), and ultimately part of CK
Hutchison Holdings Limited ("CKHH’", and together with its subsidiaries, the “CKHH Group"), a company
whose shares are listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

The Company adopts and applies high standards of corporate governance best suited to the needs and
interests of the CKHH Group as it believes that an effective corporate governance framework is fundamental
to promoting and safeguarding interests of the shareholder and other stakeholders and enhancing
shareholder value.

For period ended 28 December 2024, under The Companies (Miscellaneous Reporting) Regulations 2018
the Company has continued to follow the Wates Corporate Governance Principles for Large Private
Companies (the “Wates Principles”) which are available on the Financial Reporting Council website as an
appropriate framework when making a disclosure about its corporate governance arrangements. The
Company's reporting against the Wates Principles is set out below.

9

Superdrug Stores plc
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Corporate Governance (continued)
Principle 1: Purpose and Leadership

The Company's principal objective is to be the best for everyday and accessible beauty and health, both on
the High Street and Online. This business purpose is clearly cascaded and communicated throughout the
Company as it focusses on delivering this objective consistently for its customers. This in turn ensures
financial returns for its shareholder, stability and progression for its employees and continued investment in
the business and the communities which it serves.

Whilst the Board is responsible for the overall direction and management of the Company, the effective day-
to-day management of the Company is overseen by the Company's executive management team (the
“Exec”), supported by delegated authorities to certain senior- officers and employees which are generally
based on financial thresholds. The Board regularly reviews these authorities to ensure they are appropriate
and relevant.

The Exec and members of the Board meet regularly to discuss and review strategies, performance, business
plans, budgets and risk profiles of the Company. Whilst the Board is charged with the task of promoting the
long-term success of the Company and making decisions in the best interests of the Company, the Exec is
accountable for the conduct and performance of the Company within the agreed strategies. The Board
together with the Exec instil and uphold the Company's objectives and strategies through the day-to-day
operations and management of the Company.

Principle 2: Board Composition

The Board is comprised of five directors which provides for representation of both the Exec and also the
Company's shareholder. The Exec is represented by the Chief Executive and the Finance Director, with the
Company's shareholder represented by the Chairman of AS Watson Group, the Group CEO of AS Watson
Group and AS Watson Group Chief Financial Officer. The Board considers its current size and composition
constitutes an effective board appropriate to meet the strategic needs and challenges of the Company and
ensure effective decision-making.

The Exec comprises of twelve senior executives, led by the Chief Executive. Collectively the Exec possesses
extensive retail leadership experience, gained across several different organisations and countries. It
includes executives with specialist professional qualifications, including in relation to the Company’s
pharmacy operations.

Diversity and inclusion is a key part of the Company's culture. The Company is committed to developing a
more diverse workforce, including at the most senior levels. It recognises the benefits of a Board and Exec
that possesses a balance of skill sets, experience, expertise and diversity of perspectives appropriate for the
strategies of the Company. The Company believes that board diversity enhances decision-making capability
and thus the overall effectiveness of the Board and the Exec in achieving sustainable business operation
and enhancing shareholder value.

Principle 3: Directors’ Responsibilities

The Board and each director have a clear understanding of their accountability and responsibilities. The
Board is committed to achieving and maintaining the high standards of corporate governance structure,
policies and practices of the ASW Group, taking into account the business and regulatory frameworks within
which the Company operates. Business plans and budgets are prepared annually by management of the
Company and are subject to review and approval by the Board and the executive management team of ASW.
Group as part of the ASW Group's five-year corporate planning cycle. Management of the Company is also
responsible for preparing monthly management reports on the financial results and key operating statistics
of the Company. Bi-monthly meetings are held with the executive management team of ASW Group to review
these reports, business performance against budgets, forecasts, significant business risks sensitivities and
strategies of the Company.

Superdrug Stores plc
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Corporate Governance (continued)

The Board as a whole is responsible for promoting the long-term success of the Company and making
decisions in the best interests of the Company in line with the agreed business plans and strategies.
Throughout the year, the management of the Company provides to the directors updates and other
information with respect to the performance, business activities and development of the Company. The
Company also has in place a formal structure of the Board approved delegated authorities to ensure that
there are appropriate controls surrounding decisions and commitments that may bind the Company.

The Board considers that all of these robust corporate governance and internal control frameworks and
company leadership, working together, promote effective stewardship to deliver long-term value for the
Company and its shareholder as a whole.

Principle 4: Opportunity and Risk

The Company is committed to the long-term sustainability of its business by regularly reviewing its business
model and practices to identify opportunities for improving its performance and creating value for
stakeholders. The Exec meets regularly to discuss and consider these opportunities and conducts an annual
strategic review and quarterly forecasting exercise to embed decisions and allocate resources accordingly.

The Board seeks to instil risk awareness across the Company’s business operation and has put in place
policies and procedures which provide a framework for the identification, reporting and management of risks.
The Company adopts an Enterprise Risk Management framework to manage its risk exposure and appetite.
The framework facilitates a systematic approach in identifying, assessing and managing risks within the
Company, be they of strategic, financial, operational or regulatory nature. There is ongoing dialogue amongst
the Exec about current and emerging risks, their plausible impact and mitigation measures. On a half-yearly
basis, the Company is required to formally identify and assess the contro! framework that supports the
management of business risk.

Principle 5: Remuneration

The remuneration of the directors and senior executives of the Company is determined with reference to their
expertise and experience in the industry, the performance and profitability of the Company as well as
remuneration benchmarks from other local and international companies and prevailing market conditions.
Remuneration arrangements are also subject to oversight and approval from the Company's shareholder.
Employees also participate in bonus arrangements which are determined in accordance with the
performance of the Company and the individual's performance. The Board considers that the remuneration
structure of the Company aligns with the Company's objectives, values and strategies to support long-term
sustainable success.

The Gender Pay Gap is reviewed by the Exec, and an action plan is formulated for improvements across the
whole organisation. The Exec is committed to developing a more diverse senior leadership team across the
Company and has introduced balanced shortlists for all senior management and director appointments
covering gender and ethnicity to bolster its leadership team and future progression potential.

Principle 6: Stakeholder Relationships and Engagement

The Board actively promotes engagement and communications with stakeholders, including employees,
shareholder, customers, business partners, suppliers, its Pension Scheme, regulators, government,
community groups and media partners. The Company actively encourages employees to express their views.
and has established various channels including a social platform ‘The Hub’ allowing two-way communication
between colleagues at all levels of the organisation. The Hub is used regularly by employees to engage with
the culture, share views, ask questions and learn about the business. The Company also regularly collects
views from other stakeholders through a variety of channels, such as independently sourced feedback and:
assessment reports by the Company’s key suppliers on its performance across a range of measures such
as business relationships, supply chain management and payment processes.

"1

Superdrug Stores plc
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Corporate Governance (continued)

The Company is committed to achieving and maintaining high standards of openness, probity and
accountability. There are established whistle-blowing policy and mechanisms which allow the employees of
the Company and those who deal with the Company to report any suspected impropriety, misconduct or
malpractice concerning the Company with confidence.

The Company has adopted a proactive approach to its social, economic and environmental responsibilities
as outlined in its section 172 disclosures.

Non-financial and sustainability information statement

The Company's climate-related disclosures have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the
Companies (Strategic Report) (Climate-related Financial Disclosure) Regulations 2022 section 414CB of
the Companies Act 2006.

Governance

The Company's Board is responsible for overseeing management's response to climate-related impacts.
Accountability for, and oversight of, climate-related impacts sits with the Executive leadership team (“the
Exec’). In its role the Exec ensures there is an effective system of internal controls within the Company for
the assessment and management of key risks. The Exec retains overall responsibility for climate
governance and actions undertaken, which are integrated into its ESG strategy. The Exec ensures action
plans are embedded into the business strategy and future financial planning to mitigate climate-related risks
and capitalise on climate-related opportunities.

The Company also works closely with the AS Watson Group on climate related matters, in particular the
Group's Chief Sustainability Officer. The Group provides strategic oversight of climate-related risks and
ensures alignment of direction, resources and targeting of climate-related activities. These include the
establishment of Science Based Targets and sustainability roadmap targets.

The Company’s ESG strategy is overseen by the Head of ESG who chairs the “Doing Good Feels Super”
steering group, which meets quarterly. The Steering Group consists of a mixture of directors and senior
management who are responsible for delivering on different aspects of the Company's sustainability
strategy, organised around the pillars of Planet, People and Product.

During the year the Company continued to work closely with expert external advisers to further enhance its
understanding of the potential impact of climate change on the business and to inform its future strategy
and risk management approach.

Strategy and Risk Management

Climate change presents a wide range of risks and opportunities that the business will need to continually
monitor and consider. As part of building resilience into the business strategy, the Company conducted a
Climate Scenario Analysis ("CSA") to determine potential impacts of climate related risks and opportunities.
For the first iteration of the CSA, the Company started with a larger population of risks and opportunities
that were relevant to its business and industry. In the prior year, cross-functional workshops were held to
discuss the impact of each risk and opportunity, to narrow this initial list down further to produce a shortlist.
This shortlist consisted of two physical risks, five transitional risks and.two opportunities. In the current
year, the risks and opportunities were reviewed, and validated, with the same cross-functional internal
stakeholders.

12

Superdrug Stores plc
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)

Physical risks
Flooding and temperature rises were identified as the most common threat across the Company's estate

which could disrupt operations across the network. In addition, changing weather conditions could also
influence a change in shopping behaviour.

Transitional risks

Transition risks are the most likely to impact the Company. This is driven by increasing costs as the
government may impose additional regulation and tariffs to meet climate targets. The effect of regulatory
and reporting changes, as well as shifting consumer preferences were assessed using qualitative reviews,
analysis of trends and identification of key drivers.

Opportunities
Opportunities were also identified in relation to a transition to a low-carbon economy. These have the

potential to increase revenue through driving demand due to consumer perception of the Company's
approach to sustainability.

Scenario selection

The Company used global climate scenarios defined by the Network for Greening the Financial Systems
("NGFS") and selected two climate scenarios from the NGFS for the analysis. The scenarios were selected
as they were intended to represent the outer limits of possible outcomes, although the most likely outcome
is somewhere between the two. Each scenario presents a distinct possible future in which the Company
may be operating

Net zero 2050

An ambitious scenario that limits global warming to 1.5°C through stringent climate policies and
innovation, reaching net zero CO2 emissions around 2050. This scenario assumes that ambitious
climate policies are introduced immediately. Carbon removal is used to accelerate decarbonisation
but kept to the minimum possible and broadly in line with sustainable levels of bioenergy production.
Net CO2 emissions reach zero around 2050, giving at least a 50% chance of limiting global warming
to below 1.5°C by the end of the century. Physical risks are relatively low, but transition risks are
high.

Current policies

This scenario assumes that only currently implemented policies are preserved, leading to high
physical risks. This represents a business-as-usual scenario with minimal meaningful action taken
on reducing emissions. Emissions grow until 2050 leading to about 3.5°C of warming and severe
physical risks. This includes irreversible changes, such as higher sea level rise, and potentially the
crossing of devastating climate ‘tipping points’ such as widespread methane release through the
melting of permafrost landscape, or the permanent shutdown of the Atlantic Gulf Stream.

Impact quantification
The Company carried out different workshops internally to gain an understanding of the operational

implications of each of the identified risks, and opportunities, and how these may vary across the two
different scenarios. These workshops were carried out with input from internal and external experts within
different areas of the business. The Company was able to identify a wide variety of potential impacts on its
business model resulting from climate change. When analysing each risk qualitative and, wherever
possible, quantitative assessments were made. The impact on operating profit was assessed across short
(less than 5 years), medium (5-10 years) and long (more than 10 years) timescales.

The ultimate outcome of the CSA was an impact assessment to understand the Company's resilience to
relevant climate-related risks and opportunities. The CSA and the scenarios used will undergo a full refresh
every three years to ensure they remain relevant and appropriate for the business, with the list of risk and
opportunities being reviewed annually, to ensure they are still aligned to core business operations.

For the purposes of the assessment of climate-related risks, opportunities and disclosures, the Company
has used a similar materiality as that for the financial statements.

Superdrug Stores pic
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)

Physical risks

fo carbon prices and
axes on GHG
jemissions

{Company as government policies tc

reduce climate change come int

force. This will include costs passed|
In to the Company as a result of
increases in costs of raw materials|
lin the products it sells, as well as
iny taxes applied to the Compan)

fice

Risk [Description _ | Timescale | Financial [Strategic respo
an ~ : “ impact_|'~ :
[Extreme weather impact of extreme weather events | 10+ years Low [Continually monitor flood risk at
jevents (floods) Eausing flooding at the Company's istribution centres for long-term]
impacting distribution |distribution centres impact. Review business interruptior
centres plans and ensure insurance coveragi
remains in place.
+__
(Changing weather _—_‘ [Expected increase in temperatures] 10+ years | Medium [Continually monitor events at
|conditions leading to jat each store results in an increased individual stores. The store estate is|
increased energy cooling demand, utilising mor Wholly leased, predominantly on short
|costs and reduced _jenergy. leases, providing flexibility on location]
footfall lif specific situations are impacted.
lin addition, increased temperatures
esulting in reduced footfall on the (Continue to drive the online channel t
igh street, with customers rovide customers with th
switching to online purchases. Pportunity to move away from store:
if required.
—
Transitional risks
Risk [Description Timescale | Financial |Strategic response ‘
Impact
\Volatility of energy ssuming the Company meets its <5 years Low [Continue to work towards the energ
costs nergy reduction targets by 2030, reduction targets by 2030, as well
his risk reflects the increase in cost identifying other energy saving
Ss a result of the volatility of energy) jopportunities.
prices
nergy costs represent a smaller
proportion of the overall cost base,
ind therefore volatility would present
smaller risk.
Shifting consumer _|This risk is identified as a concern | 5-10 years | Medium [Staying up to date on market trends to]
preferences due to a |that climate conscious consumers ido with environmental performance
failure to act on jould shift demand away from the ind communicating the Company’
\climate change Company if it was deemed not to SG journey, targets an
lbe meeting its decarbonisation |commitments to its customers.
largets or seen to be behind
Jcompetitors’ journey on climate |The Company has experienced
change. buying teams across all its categories|
ho monitor changing customer
preferences on an ongoing basis.
Increase in costs due |Increase costs incurred by thel 10+ years | Medium {Continue to focus on reducing]

jemissions across the value chain and)
eeting the Company's science:
ased target by 2030.

[eri with suppliers to mitigatel
going costs related to product
\design and development.


Superdrug Stores pic
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)

Transitional risks (continued)

Risk Description Timescale | Financial [Strategic response ~
Impact,
hange in packaging {Increase costs incurred by the <5 years Low he Company continually reviews its}
egulations resulting [Company as a result of oduct mix, and supplier base, andj
jin increased costs jovernment policy in changing herefore has a degree of flexibility if
[packaging regulations. faced with changing regulations on|
ackaging. The Company will
continue to work with suppliers to}
sure any cost increases are}
mitigated where possible.
or the Company's Own Brand|
oducts, its design team will continue|
fo look to mitigate packaging costs.
Increased regulations Increase costs incurred by the <5 years Low he Company continually reviews its|
nN product {Company as a result of product mix and supplier base ani
somposition and lgovernment policy with increased jas a degree of flexibility if faced witl
procurement regulation on product composition hanging regulations on produ
jstandards land procurement standards. composition. The Company wil
ntinue to work with suppliers t
msure any cost increases are|
itigated where possible.

[For the Company's Own Brand,
roducts, its quality and technical
eam will continue to monitor changing)
jovernment policy and regulation and}
nticipating product —_ formulation]
hanges where possible.

Opportunities
Risk ~ [Description Timescale | Financial Strategic response
. Impact :
Shifting consumer Nn Opportunity may exist if the 5-10 years | Medium [Staying up to date on market trends t
jpreferences due to ompany is deemed to be ahead ido with environmental performance
lsuccessfully meeting of its competitors at successfully jand increasing communication abo
climate targets eeting climate targets and the its ESG journey, targets andj
limate conscious consumer could [commitments to customers.
shift shopping preferences.

[The Company has experience

buying teams across all categorie:
ho monitor changing customer

preferences ‘on an ongoing basis.
increase in sales of similar opportunity may exist as 10+ years Low staying up to date with market trend:
‘more sustainable’ he Company sells more ind utilising some of the Own Bran
jproducts sustainable products, for example roducts to try and help drive
lower non-sustainable packaging (differentiation with ‘more sustainable'
products.


Superdrug Stores pic
Strategic Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Non-financial and sustainability information statement (continued)
Metrics and Targets

Having assessed the impact on key risks and opportunities, the Company is committed to a number of
sustainability goals including driving down its Greenhouse Gas ("GHG") emissions and general energy
consumption, as well as driving sustainable packaging in Own Brand products. This will help to mitigate the
impact of volatility of energy costs, any possible taxes on GHG emissions as well as shifting consumer
sentiment on failure to act on climate change.

The Company continues to identify ways to support delivery of these targets, for example installing more
energy efficient LED lighting in new stores and refurbishments, trialling voltage optimisation units and
Building Management systems as well as continued research and development to support Own Brand
product development. In addition, there continues to be improvements in understanding emissions
associated across the Company's value chain.

The AS Watson Group has had its science-based targets validated by the Science Based Targets initiative
(“SBT”) as in line with a 1.5°C trajectory. As part of the AS Watson Group, the Company will be contributing
to the achievement of these targets. For the 2025 financial period the Company has included GHG reduction
targets in executive remuneration plans, to drive further focus onto this area. These targets, and the progress
being made against them, are shown in the table below.

Climate-related topic Target 2024 position -
Scope 1 Emissions* 50.4% reduction in absolute scope 1 | 22.3% reduction in scope 1
vs 2018 by 2030 emissions vs 2018
Scope 2 Emissions* 50.4% reduction in absolute scope 2 | 98.4% reduction in scope 2
vs 2018 by 2030 emissions vs 2018

Further information on the Company's GHG emissions can be found on page 19.

In summary, having assessed the risks, the Company believes that the short to medium term climate-related
risks are not material for the business, although it recognises the need to keep abreast of future climate
change legislation as well as consumer preferences. The risks related to climate change are an integral part
of the Company's enterprise risk management process, which the Company uses to continually assess
impact in order to drive the appropriate business decisions.

Future Outlook and Prospects

The directors expect that the UK retail environment will remain challenging and strongly competitive in 2025.
Consumer sentiment remains subdued and with the household savings ratio the highest for a number of
years retailers are having to work hard to capture customers spend. At the same time upwards pressure on
operating costs as a result of legislative changes, especially the increase in national insurance contributions,
continue to put a strain on operating margins.

However, the Company's strategy is designed to counter these headwinds. The continued growth in sales
and market share which the Company has delivered over the past few years demonstrates the ongoing
relevance of its customer offer across its broad beauty and healthcare product offering, both in-store and
online. The Company is cash generative and with a strong balance sheet has a range of attractive investment
opportunities open to it to further consolidate its market position and to drive further growth and operating
efficiencies. The directors are confident that the strong trading performance in 2024 will continue into 2025.
and beyond.

On behalf of the Board

R A Fleming
Director
ZS June 2025

16

Superdrug Stores plc
Directors’ Report
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

The directors present their report and the audited Financial Statements of the Company for the 52 weeks
ended 28 December 2024

Future Developments

The directors’ opinion on the outlook and prospects of the Company has been included in the Strategic
Report.

Dividends

During the period dividends of £45.0million were paid (2023: £45.Omillion). No further dividends have been
proposed.

Post Balance Sheet Events

On 8 May 20285, following a consultation period, it was announced that the Company's distribution centre in
Pontefract would close on expiry of the lease at the end of 2025. Management is confident that the operations
from this distribution centre can be absorbed into the existing operational network.

On 20 May 2025 a loan extension was agreed to extend the existing credit agreement with AS Watson Group
(HK) Limited from 15 June 2025 to 15 June 2030.

Directors

The directors have access to the advice and services of the company secretary and board members are able
to take independent professional advice at the Company’s expense where they judge it necessary to
discharge their responsibilities as directors.

The directors possess an appropriate balance of skills and experience for the requirements of the business.
The Board and its committees operate within a framework of scheduled meetings, with additional ad hoc
meetings being held, as required.

The directors of the Company who were in office during the period and up to the date of signing the financial
statements were:

DKMLai

MM_L Ngai (appointed on 26 August 2024)
S J Blakemore

P W Macnab

RA Fleming

Third Party Indemnity

As permitted by section 234 of the Companies Act 2006, the Company maintains directors’ and officers’
liability insurance which provides insurance cover against liabilities which directors and other officers of the
Company may incur personally as a consequence of claims made against them alleging breach of duty or
other unlawful acts or omissions in their capacity as directors and officers. The qualifying third-party indemnity
provision was in force during the financial period and also at the date of approval of the financial statements.

Information included in the Strategic Report

Details regarding corporate governance, stakeholder and employee engagement and interests, and the
directors’ opinion on financial risk management have been included in the Strategic Report.

Employment of Disabled Persons

It is the Company's policy to give full consideration to the possibility of employing disabled persons wherever
suitable opportunities exist. Employees who have become disabled are given every opportunity and
assistance to continue in their employment or to be trained for other suitable positions. It is the policy of the
Company that the training, career development and promotion of disabled persons should be identical to that
of other employees.

7

Superdrug Stores plc
Directors’ Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) disclosure

The Company's environmental reporting accords with SECR requirements, with the reporting period being
for the calendar year 2024. The Company’s SECR disclosure presents the carbon footprint, together with
appropriate intensity metric and total use of electricity, gas and transport fuels.

Methodology
The Company has employed the service of a specialist external advisor to quantify the Greenhouse Gas
("GHG") emissions associated with the Company’s operations.

The report follows the GHG Reporting Protocol —- Corporate Standard as the accepted methodology to meet
the mandatory SECR requirements. The UK government's greenhouse gas conversion factors have been
applied to calculate the carbon emissions to the following reporting standards:

e Greenhouse Gas Protocol - Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (WBCSD & WRI, 2004)

* Greenhouse Gas Protocol - Scope 2 guidance, amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate
Standard (WNCSD & WRI, 2015). Application of location-based and market-based emission factors
for electricity supplies

¢ Greenhouse Gas Protocol — Corporate Value Chain (scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard
(WBCSD & WRI, 2011)

« Where data was missing, values were estimated using an extrapolation of available data

An operational control approach has been used in order to define the Company’s organisational boundary.
This is the basis for determining Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for which the Company is responsible. The
Company has also provided disclosure regarding certain scope 3 emissions as these areas are fundamental
to the operations of the Company.

The Company has set a benchmark of the 2019 year for comparisons against future emissions, as this
represents the best baseline year prior to Covid-19 impacting operations and emissions.

Energy efficiency action

In the 2024 reporting period, the Company has continued its LED upgrade programme across a further 31
stores, which is estimated to deliver an annual energy reduction of 430,000 KWh. Additionally, energy
efficient heating, ventilation and air-conditioning systems were upgraded in a further 30 stores. Voltage
Optimisation Units were trialled in six stores and a mini BMS was trailed in one store.

GHG emissions and energy use report Baseline
Year ended 31 Yearended31 Year ended 31
Units December December December
2024 2023 2019
Energy consumption used to calculate emissions kWh 71,439,402 74,207,500 84,400,418
Emissions from gas & transport (Scope 1) tCOze 4,872 4,913 5,571
Emissions from purchased electricity (Scope 2) tCOze 10,155 10,724 14,893
core (Scope 3" party logistics & business travel in tCOze 871 769 4,176
Total gross emissions tCOze 15,898 16,406 21,640
Total gross emissions per £'m of revenue 9.7 10.7 16.6
Carbon offsets procured via Green Electricity Tariff tCOze (9,949) (10,367) (14,221)
Total net emissions tCOze 5,949 6,039 7,419
Total net emissions per £'m of revenue 3.7 4.0 5.7
Total net emissions per 000 square foot 20 27 25

18

Superdrug Stores pic
Directors’ Report (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities

The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the financial statements in accordance
with applicable law and regulation.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law
the directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted
Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure
Framework”, and applicable law).

Under company law, directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for
that period. In preparing the financial statements, the directors are required to:

* select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

«state whether applicable United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101 have been
followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

* make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and

© prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume
that the Company will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable
steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

The directors are also responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and
explain the Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position
of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act
2006.

Directors’ confirmations

In the case of each director in office at the date the Directors’ Report is approved:

* so far as the director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditors
are unaware; and

« they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a director in order to make themselves
aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the company's auditors are aware of
that information.

Independent Auditors
The independent auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, have indicated their willingness to continue in
office and a resolution concerning their reappointment will be proposed at the annual general meeting.

On behalf of the Board

Wry
R A Fleming

Director

5° June 2025

Superdrug Stores pic
Independent Auditors’ Report to the member of Superdrug Stores plc
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Report on the audit of the financial statements
Opinion
In our opinion, Superdrug Stores plc's financial statements:

* give a true and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs as at 28 December 2024 and of its
profit and cash flows for the 52 week period then ended;

« have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure
Framework”, and applicable law); and

* have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual Report and Financial Statements (the
“Annual Report’), which comprise: the Balance Sheet as at 28 December 2024; the Statement of
Comprehensive Income, the Cash Flow Statement and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the period
then ended; and the notes to the financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and
other explanatory information.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for
the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence

We remained independent of the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to
our audit of the financial statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, as applicable to
other entities of public interest, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
these requirements.

To the best of our knowledge and belief, we declare that non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical
Standard were not provided

Other than those disclosed in Note 3 - Operating Profit, we have provided no non-audit services to the
company or its controlled undertakings in the period under audit.

Conclusions relating to going concern

Our evaluation of the directors’ assessment of the company’s ability to continue to adopt the going concern
basis of accounting included:

* agreeing the underlying cash flow projections to board-approved forecasts, assessing how these
forecasts are compiled and assessing the accuracy of management's forecasts;

* evaluating the key assumptions used by management within these forecasts including revenue growth;

* considering the liquidity and available financial resources;

* assessing whether the stress testing performed by management appropriately considered the risks facing
the business; and

* reviewing the adequacy of management's disclosures on going concern and consistency with our
knowledge obtained through the audit.

Based on the work we have performed, we have not identified any material uncertainties relating to events
or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the company’s ability to continue
as a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from when the financial statements are authorised
for issue.

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of
accounting in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

20

Superdrug Stores plc
Independent Auditors’ Report to the member of Superdrug Stores plc (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Conclusions relating to going concern (continued)

However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this conclusion is not a guarantee as
to the company's ability to continue as a going concern.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in
the relevant sections of this report.

Reporting on other information

The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than the financial statements
and our auditors’ report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information. Our opinion on the
financial statements does not cover the other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit
opinion or, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, any form of assurance thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or
our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify an
apparent material inconsistency or material misstatement, we are required to perform procedures to conclude
whether there is a material misstatement of the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other
information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of
this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report based on these
responsibilities.

With respect to the Strategic Report and Directors' Report, we also considered whether the disclosures
required by the UK Companies Act 2006 have been included.

Based on our work undertaken in the course of the audit, the Companies Act 2006 requires us also to report
certain opinions and matters as described below.

Strategic Report and Directors’ Report

In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit, the information given in the Strategic
Report and Directors’ Report for the period ended 28 December 2024 is consistent with the financial
statements and has been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

In light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of
the audit, we did not identify any material misstatements in the Strategic Report and Directors’ Report.

Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit
Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements

As explained more fully in the Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities, the directors are responsible for the
preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for being satisfied
that they give a true and fair view. The directors are also responsible for such internal control as they
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

21

Superdrug Stores plc
Independent Auditors’ Report to the member of Superdrug Stores plc (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit (continued)

Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design
procedures in line with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of
irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities,
including fraud, is detailed below.

Based on our understanding of the company and industry, we identified that the principal risks of non-
compliance with laws and regulations related to health and safety regulations, and we considered the.extent
to which non-compliance might have a material effect on the financial statements. We also considered those
laws and regulations that have a direct impact on the financial statements such as UK tax legislation
(including VAT, payroll taxes and income tax) and the Companies Act 2006. We evaluated management's
incentives and opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of the financial statements (including the risk of
override of controls) and determined that the principal risks were related to posting inappropriate journal
entries to increase revenue, reduce expenditure, and management bias in accounting estimates and
judgements. Audit procedures performed by the engagement team included:

e Discussions with management and internal legal counsel, including consideration of known or
suspected instances of non-compliance with laws and regulation and fraud and actual and potential
litigation and claims;

« Review of legal expenditure in the year to identify potential non-compliance with laws and
regulations;

e Review of key correspondence with tax regulatory authorities in relation to compliance with laws
and regulations;

« Challenging assumptions and judgements made by management in their significant accounting
estimates, in particular in relation to impairment of right of use assets and property, plant and
equipment, including the disclosure of such matters in the financial statements;

Identifying and testing journal entries, in particular any journal entries posted with unusual account
combinations; and

* Performing inquiries of management and reviewing board minutes throughout the financial year
and post year end to identify any unusual items such as suspicious activity, non-compliance,
breaches of laws or potential litigation.

There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above. We are less likely to become aware
of instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations that are not closely related to events and
transactions reflected in the financial statements. Also, the risk of not detecting a material misstatement due
to fraud is higher than the risk of not detecting one resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate
concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional misrepresentations, or through collusion.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s
website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditors’ report.

Use of this report

This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the company’s member as a body in
accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006 and for no other purpose. We do not, in
giving these opinions, accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to whom
this report is shown or into whose hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior consent in
writing,

22

Superdrug Stores pic
Independent Auditors’ Report to the member of Superdrug Stores plc (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Other required reporting
Companies Act 2006 exception reporting

Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

« we have not obtained all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

* adequate accounting records have not been kept by the company, or returns adequate for our audit have
not been received from branches not visited by us; or

¢ certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

* the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns.

We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.

LAG

Craig Skelton (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
London

25 June 2025

23

Superdrug Stores plc
Statement of Comprehensive Income

For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Revenue
Cost of Sales

Gross Profit

Administrative expenses
Other operating income

Operating profit

Finance income
Finance costs

Profit before taxation

52 weeks 52 weeks

ended 28 ended 30
December December

2024 2023

Note £000 £000

1,634,452 1,527,989
(1,398,009) (1,326,752)

236,443 201,237

(99,526) (86,675)

3 7,280 7,318
3 144,197 121,880
6 8,366, 7,900
6 (15,737) (18,142)

136,826 111,638

Income tax expense 7 (33,325) (28,426)
Profit for the financial period 103,501 83,212
Other Comprehensive Income/(expense)

Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit and loss

Total re-measurement gains/(losses) recognised in pension scheme 17 3,418 (15,473)
Movement on deferred tax relating to pension scheme 7 (855) 3,869

Total other comprehensive income/(expense)

Total comprehensive income for the period

2,563 (11,604)

106,064 71,608

Revenue and operating profit arise from the Company's continuing operations.

24

Superdrug Stores pic Registered Number: 00807043
Balance Sheet
As at 28 December 2024

At 28 At 30
December December
2024 2023
Note £'000 £7000

Fixed assets
Intangible assets 8 140,776 139,913
Property, plant and equipment 9 102,991 96,753
Right-of-use assets 10 286,487 278,535

530,254 515,201
Current assets

Inventories 13 302,367 270,607
Trade and other receivables 14 117,321 135,365
Retirement benefit surplus 17 26,135 19,065
Cash and cash equivalents. 200,602 161,538
Total current assets 646,425 586,575

Creditors — amounts falling due within one year

Trade and other payables 15 (314,478) (318,073)
Borrowings 16 (85,000) -
Lease liabilities 10 75,338) 132,062)

(474,816) (450,135)

Net current assets 171,609 136,440
Total assets less current liabilities 701,863 651,641

Creditors - amounts falling due after more than one year

Borrowings 16 - (85,000)
Lease liabilities 10 (241,514) (179,226)
(241,514) (264,226)
Provisions for liabilities 18 (20,511) (8,641)
Net assets 439,838 378,774
Equity
Called up share capital 20 22,000 22,000
Share premium account 103,400 103,400
Retained earnings 314,438 253,374

Total shareholder’s funds 439,838 378,774
The notes on pages 28 to 48 form part of these financial statements.

These financial statements on pages 24 to 48 were authorised for issue by the Board on 25 June 2025 and
signed on its behalf by:

RA Mieeaeed|

Director

25

Superdrug Stores plc
Statement of Changes in Equity
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

Called up Share Total
Share premium Retained Shareholder’s
Capital account Earnings funds
£7000 £7000 £7000 £000
At 1 January 2023 22,000 103,400 226,766 352,166
Profit for the financial period - - 83,212 83,212
Other Comprehensive Income/(expense) for
the period
Total re-measurement loss on pension scheme
(note 17) - - (15,473) (15,473)
Movement on deferred tax relating to pension
scheme (note 11) - - 3,869 3,869
Total Comprehensive Income for the period - - 71,608 71,608

Transactions with shareholder recognised
directly in equity

Dividend Paid (note 19) - - (45,000) (45,000)
Total Transactions with shareholder

recognised directly in equity - - (45,000) (45,000)
At 30 December 2023 22,000 103,400 253,374 378,774
Profit for the financial period - - 103,501 103,501

Other Comprehensive Income/(expense) for

the period

Total re-measurement gain on pension scheme

(note 17) - - 3,418 3,418
Movement on deferred tax relating to pension - - (855) (855)

scheme (note 11)

Total Comprehensive Income for the period - oe 106,064 106,064
Transactions with shareholder recognised

directly in equity

Dividend Paid (note 19) - 7 (45,000) (45,000)
Total Transactions with shareholder

recognised directly in equity - - (45,000) (45,000)

At 28 December 2024 22,000 103,400 314,438 439,838

26

Superdrug Stores plc
Cash Flow Statement
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

52 weeks 52 weeks
‘ ended 28 ended 30
December December
2024 2023
, Note £000 £7000
Cash flow from operating activities
Company operating profit 144,197 121,880
Adjustments for:
Depreciation and amortisation 3 100,493 104,618
Impairment charge/(reversal) 3 558 (3,740)
Loss on disposal of intangible assets 3 15 162
Loss on disposal of tangible assets 3 588 1,094
Gain on early termination of leases (80) (92)
Defined benefit pension contributions 17 (3,475) (10,000)
Defined benefit pension expenses 17 778 -
Operating cash flow before movement in working capital 243,074 213,922
Increase in inventory 13 (31,760) (16,403)
Decrease in trade and other receivables 14 18,044 13,933,
Decrease in trade and other payables (5,534) (47,582)
Operational cash flow after movement in working capital 223,824 163,870
Interest paid (17,496) (16,453)
Taxation paid (25,092) (6,930)
Net cash inflow from operating activities 181,236 140,487
Cash flow from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment (26,629) (30,364)
Purchase of intangible fixed assets 8 (2,899) (2,219)
Interest received 7,411 6,552
Net cash outflow from investing activities (22,117) (26,031)
Cash flow from financing activities
Lease payments 10 (75,055) (81,689)
Dividends paid 19 (45,000) (45,000)
Net cash outflow from financing activities (120,055) (126,689)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 39,064 (12,233)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 161,538 173,771
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 200,602 161,538

27

Superdrug Stores pic
Notes to the Financial Statements
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

1. Material Accounting Policy Information

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below.
These policies have been consistently applied to all the periods presented, unless otherwise stated.

Basis of Preparation

The financial statements of Superdrug Stores plc have been prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting
Standard 101, ‘Reduced Disclosure Framework’ (FRS 101). The financial statements have been prepared
under the historical cost convention, and in accordance with the Companies Act 2006, as applicable for
companies using FRS 101. There are no amendments to accounting standards, or IFRIC interpretations that
are effective for the period ended 28 December 2024, or future periods, that have a material impact on the
Company's financial statements.

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with FRS 101 requires the use of judgements, estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The estimates
and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed
to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements
about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ from these estimates. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas
where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements, are disclosed in note 2.

The following exemptions from the requirements of IFRS have been applied in the preparation of these
financial statements, in accordance with FRS 101

e IFRS 7, ‘Financial Instruments: Disclosures’;

« Paragraphs 91 to 99 of IFRS 13, ‘Fair value measurement’ (disclosure of valuation techniques and
inputs used for fair value measurement of assets and liabilities);

« Paragraph 38 of IAS 1, ‘Presentation of financial statements’ comparative information requirements
in respect of:
- Paragraph 79(a) (iv) of AS 1
- Paragraph 73(e) of IAS 16 Property, plant and equipment
- Paragraph 130(i) of IAS 38 Intangible assets

© The following paragraphs of IAS 1, ‘Presentation of financial statements’:
- 16 (statement of compliance with all IFRS);
-  38A (requirement for minimum of two primary statements, including cash flow statements);
-  38B-D (additional comparative information); and
- 134-136 (capital management disclosures)

« Paragraph 17 of IAS 24, ‘Related party disclosures’ (key management compensation);

« The requirements in IAS 24, ‘Related party disclosures’ to disclose related party transactions entered
into between two or more members of a group;

e Paragraph 130(f)(ii), 130(f)(iii), 134(d) to 134(f) and 135(c) to 135(e) of IAS 36, ‘Impairment of assets’;
and

¢ Paragraphs 30 and 31 of IAS 8, ‘Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors’
(requirement for the disclosure of information when an entity has not applied a new IFRS that has
been issued but is not yet effective).

« FRS 101 para 8 (iZA) not to disclose the requirements of IAS 12 paras 88c and 88d.

The Company has adopted amendment to IAS 12 international tax reform — Pillar Two for the first time in
these financial statements. There are no material impacts on the amounts recognised in prior periods and
are not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.

28

Superdrug Stores pic
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

1. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
Going Concern

The Company meets its day-to-day working capital requirements through its cash reserves and group loans.
The Company's forecasts and projections, taking account of reasonably possible changes in trading
performance, show that the Company should be able to operate within the level of its current cash reserves
and group loans for a period of at least 12 months from the date of signing these financial statements.

Forecasts have been produced to reflect severe but plausible scenarios. These scenarios consider the
impact of reduction in sales as well as increases in operating costs. This still results in a sufficient cash
position before taking into consideration additional cost saving actions including reducing investment capital
spend and other discretionary costs. The Company has sufficient cash reserves to enable it to meet its
obligations and to repay group borrowings as they fall due for a period of at least 12 months from the date of
signing these financial statements

The Company has no external debt and has access to group borrowings via a credit agreement with
AS Watson Group (HK) Limited. Under the agreement, AS Watson Group (HK) Limited has agreed to make
available a credit facility of £125,000,000, charging interest at 5.05%, maturing on 15 June 2030. The
Company has a pooled bank overdraft facility of £20,000,000, which is provided by National Westminster
Bank pic and which is unsecured and repayable on demand. Further information on the Company’s
borrowings is given in notes 15 and 16.

Having assessed the principal risks, the directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has
adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. The Company therefore
continues to adopt the going concern basis in preparing its financial statements.

Consolidation

The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of AS Watson (Health & Beauty UK) Limited, its immediate parent
company. The smallest group into which the results of the Company are consolidated is AS Watson Holdings
Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with its principal place of business in Hong Kong.
The Company's ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party and the largest group to consolidate these
financial statements is CK Hutchison Holdings Limited. The Company is exempt by virtue of compliance of
all conditions in section 401 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare consolidated
financial statements.

Investments in Subsidiaries

Investments in subsidiaries are held at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

Revenue

Revenue represents retail sales to customers and commission income from retail goods and services
provided by third parties in the United Kingdom. It is measured at the fair value of the consideration received
or receivable and is recognised on the day that the store sale is made. Revenue through internet sites is
recognised once an order has been despatched.

Revenue is shown net of returns, loyalty card points, colleague discounts and sales made on an agency
basis, and is stated net of value added tax. Commission income, arising from goods and services provided
by third parties, is recognised in revenue based on the terms of the contract.

In respect of loyalty schemes, as points are issued to customers the retail value of those points is deferred.
When the points are used by customers they are recorded as revenue. Liabilities are recorded to estimate
the proportion of the points issued which are expected to be redeemed by the customers.

In the opinion of the directors there is only one class of business which is that of a health and beauty retailer.

29

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

1. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
Cost of Sales

Cost of sales consists of expenses incurred in bringing products to a saleable position and condition. Such
costs principally include purchasing of products from suppliers, packaging and distribution costs, direct staff
costs and store costs, including depreciation of store and warehouse right-of-use assets and property, plant
and equipment.

Supplier Income

Supplier incentives, promotional funding, volume related rebates and discounts, collectively known as
‘supplier income’, are deducted from cost of sales and are recognised in accordance with supplier
agreements on an accrual basis as they are earned for each relevant supplier contract. Amounts due relating
to supplier income are recognised within trade receivables, except in cases where the Company has a legally
enforceable right to set-off and intends to offset amounts due from suppliers, in which case only the net
amount receivable or payable is recognised. Accrued supplier income is recognised within accrued income
when earned and not invoiced at the balance sheet date.

Other Operating Income

Other operating income relates to rental income receivable, data sales income and logistics backhaul income.
The income is recognised on an accruals basis.

Foreign Currency

Foreign currency transactions including purchases are translated into the functional currency using the
exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions, or valuation where items are re-measured.
Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the
translation at period-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies,
are recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.

Intangible Assets

a) Pharmacy licences
An intangible asset arising on the purchase of a pharmacy licence is recognised at cost and is capitalised
as an intangible asset. The licences are not amortised, as they are deemed to have an indefinite useful
economic life. Impairment reviews are carried out on an annual basis to ensure that the carrying value of
each individual licence is still appropriate.

b) Computer software

Computer software is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and any provision for impairment.
Externally acquired computer software and software licences are capitalised and amortised on a straight-
line basis over their useful economic lives of between five to seven years. Costs relating to development
of computer software for internal use are capitalised once the recognition criteria of IAS 38 ‘Intangible
Assets’ are met. Other development expenditures that do not meet these criteria are expensed as
incurred. When the software is available for its intended use, these costs are amortised on a straight-line
basis over their useful economic lives of between five to seven years. All amortisation is included within
administrative expenses within the statement of comprehensive income.

c) Brands
Brands and trademarks are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. They are not amortised as
they are deemed to have an indefinite useful life. The assets are tested for impairment on an annual basis
and are carried at cost less any provision for impairment, and any impairment that is identified is
recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.

30

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

1. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
Intangible Assets (continued)
¢) Brands (continued)

The non-amortisation of intangible assets diverges from paragraph 22 of Schedule 1 to “The Large and
Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008” (S1 2008/410), which
requires intangible assets to be written off over their useful economic life. As such, the non-amortisation
of the pharmacy licences and the Brands is a departure, for the purposes of giving a true and fair view,
from the requirements of paragraph 22 of Schedule 1 to the Regulations. It is not possible to quantify the
effect of the departure because the pharmacy licences and the Brand are deemed to have an indefinite
useful life.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Tangible assets are stated at historic cost, net of accumulated depreciation. The cost of fixed assets is their
historic purchase price, together with any incidental costs of acquisition.

Depreciation is calculated so as to write off the cost of the tangible fixed assets less their estimated residual
values, using the straight-line method, over the following expected useful economic lives of the assets
concerned.

Leasehold improvements shorter of 6 % years or length of the lease
Fixtures, fittings and equipment 5 to 10 years

The useful economic lives of assets are reviewed annually.
Impairment of Non-Financial Assets

Non-financial assets that have an indefinite useful life and are not subject to amortisation are tested annually
for impairment. All other non-financial assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised
in the statement of comprehensive income for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its
recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs of disposal and
value in use. Prior impairments of non-financial assets are reviewed for possible reversal at each reporting
date.

Inventory

Inventory is valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value, at weighted average cost and consists of
finished goods purchased for resale. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course
of business, less estimated costs necessary to make the sale. Provisions are made as appropriate for
shrinkage and slow moving items.

Trade and Other Receivables

Trade receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, less
any provision for impairment. A provision for impairment is established when the carrying value of the
receivable exceeds the present value of the future cash flows discounted using the original effective interest
rate. The carrying value of the receivable is reduced and any impairment loss is recognised in the statement
of comprehensive income. The Company applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected
credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. To measure the
expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and
the days past due.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term highly
liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known
amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, credit card receipts and
bank overdrafts.

34

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

41. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
Trade Payables

Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course
of business from suppliers. Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured
at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Borrowings

Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
subsequently carried at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and
the redemption value is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income over the period of the
borrowings using the effective interest method.

Current and Deferred Income Tax

The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the statement of
comprehensive income, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive
income or directly in equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly
in equity, respectively.

The current income tax charge is the amount of income tax payable in respect of taxable profit for the period
or prior periods. Tax is calculated at the rate relevant to the financial period.

Deferred income tax is recognised on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and
liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not
recognised if they arise from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business
combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred
income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the
deferred income tax liability is settled.

Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will
be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax
assets and current tax liabilities and where the assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same
taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to
settle the balances on a net basis.

Employee Benefits

The Company operates both a defined benefit pension scheme and a defined contribution pension scheme
for its employees. A defined benefit scheme is a pension plan that defines an amount of pension benefit that
an employee will receive on retirement. A defined contribution scheme is a pension plan under which the
Company pays fixed contributions into a separate entity.

The Company’s defined benefit pension scheme is closed with employees making no further contributions.
The pension scheme surplus recognised in the balance sheet represents the difference between the fair
value of the plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the balance sheet date.
The defined benefit obligation is actuarially calculated on an annual basis using the projected unit credit
method. Plan assets are recorded at fair value.

The statement of comprehensive income charge consists of a financing charge, which is the net of interest
cost on pension scheme liabilities and interest income on plan assets and defined benefit pension scheme
expenses. The financing charge is determined by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined
benefit obligation and the fair value of the plan assets. The cost is included in the statement of comprehensive
income.

32

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

41. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
Employee Benefits (continued)

For defined contribution plans, the Company pays contributions to publicly or privately administered pension
insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Company has no further payment
obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as an employee benefit
expense when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash
refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.

Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present obligation as a result of a past event, it is
probable that a transfer of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate
can be made of the amount of the obligation.

Leases

Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased
asset is available for use by the Company.

Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. However, the Company has elected not to
separate lease and non-lease components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.

Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
include the net present value of the following lease payments:

* fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate;
amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;
the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and
payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that
option.

Extension and termination options are included in a number of leases across the Company. These terms are
used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. In determining the lease term,
management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an
extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination options)
are only included in the lease term and measurement of the liability if the lease is reasonably certain to be
extended (or not terminated).

A lease re-measurement includes a change in scope of the lease, or the consideration of a lease, that was
not part of the original terms and conditions of use. A lease re-measurement includes adding or terminating
the right to use or extending or shortening the contractual lease term.

The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Company, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate
is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset
of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and
conditions.

To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Company:
* uses recent third party financing received by the Company as a starting point, adjusted to reflect
changes in financing conditions since third party financing were received.
« makes adjustments specific to the lease (e.g. lease term, country, currency and security).

The Company is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate,

which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based
on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use asset.

33

Superdrug Stores pic
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

1. Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
Leases (continued)

Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or
loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of
the liability for each period.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
e the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;
¢ any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received;
and
* any initial direct costs.

Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight
line basis.

Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-
line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or
less. Low-value assets comprise IT equipment and small items of office furniture.

Lease income from operating leases where the Company is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight
line basis over the lease term. The respective leased assets are included in the balance sheet based on their
nature.

Financial assets

Financial assets are classified as financial assets at amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive
income, and fair value through statement of comprehensive income as appropriate. The Company
determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition. All financial assets are recognised
initially at fair value. Purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the date the Company
commits to purchase or sell the item.

The Company's financial assets include trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents and amounts
owed by group undertakings. These are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
amortised cost, less any provision for impairment.

Financial lial ies

Financial liabilities are classified as financial liabilities at amortised cost, fair value through other
comprehensive income, and fair value through statement of comprehensive income as appropriate. The
Company determines the classification of its financial liability at initial recognition. All financial liabilities are
recognised initially at fair value.

The Company's financial liabilities include trade and other payables, accrued expenses and amounts owed
to group undertakings. These are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
cost using the effective interest method.

2. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments

The Company makes judgements and assumptions concerning the future that impact the application of
policies and reported amounts. The resulting accounting estimates calculated using these judgements and
assumptions will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results but are based on historical experience
and expectations of future events.

The judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty that have a significant effect on the amounts
recognised in the financial statements are discussed below.

34

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

2. Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments (continued)
Significant estimates and assumptions

a) Impairment

Financial assets and non-financial assets, right-of-use assets and property, plant and equipment are subject
to impairment reviews based on whether current or future events and circumstances suggest that their
recoverable amount may be less than their carrying value. Recoverable amount is based on the higher of
the value in use and fair value less costs to dispose.

Value in use is calculated from expected future cash flows using suitable discount rates and includes
management assumptions and estimates of future performance. Trade receivables are impaired on expected
credit loss basis.

The Company tests whether assets have suffered any impairment on an annual basis. The level of
profitability of the cash generating unit (CGU) represents the trigger for impairment assessment. For the
reporting periods the recoverable amount of the CGUs, being individual stores or pharmacies that have
indicated signs of impairment, is determined based on value-in-use calculations.

The value in use is calculated using the cash flow performance from the current period adjusted for the next
five years based on the Board approved five-year plan. Sales forecasts are based on sales growth of 2.1%
per annum. The assumptions include estimated gross margin based on market segment and location
Operating costs are based on the current structure of the business, adjusting for inflationary increases but
not reflecting any future cost-saving measures.

The resulting cash flows are discounted using a pre-tax discount rate of 9.1% (2023: 9.1%) and compared
to the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment and right-of-use assets

In the current year, an impairment charge of £0.4m (2023: reversal of £6.3m) has been recognised in property
plant and equipment and right-of-use assets in respect of the Company’s retail stores. An impairment charge
of £0.1m (2023; £2.6m) has been recognised in intangible assets.

The following sensitivities have been applied to the calculation of impairments on assets at store level:
* Sales reduction of 5.0% for 2025 to 2029
* Sales increase of 5.0% for 2025 to 2029
°  Pre-tax discount rate 1.0% higher

These assumptions have no material impact on impairment calculation.

b) Retirement benefit surplus

The Company operates a defined benefit scheme for its employees. The present value of the scheme’s
liabilities recognised at the balance sheet date and the net financing charge recognised in the statement of
comprehensive income are dependent on interest rates of high-quality corporate bonds. Other key
assumptions within this calculation are based on market conditions or estimates of future events, including
mortality rates, as set out in note 17. Any changes to assumptions used will impact the carrying value of the
retirement benefit obligation. As detailed in note 17, the retirement benefit surplus is most sensitive to
changes in the discount rate and inflation.

36

Superdrug Stores plc

Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

3. Operating Profit
Operating profit is stated after charging/(crediting):

Variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities

Expenses relating to short-term leases

Loss on disposal of intangible assets

Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment
Impairment of pharmacy licences

Impairment charge/(reversal) of property, plant and

equipment

Reversal of impairment of right-of-use asset
Amortisation of intangible assets

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment
Right-of-use asset depreciation

Amounts payable to the Company's auditors:
- audit fees
- audit related assurance services
~ non-audit related assurance services

Other operating income:
- Rental income
- Other income

4. Employees

The total aggregate remuneration comprises:

Wages and salaries (including directors)
Social security costs

Other pension costs

Total staff costs

52 weeks 52 weeks
ended 28 ended 30
December December
2024 2023
Note £000 £000
1,272 855
3,584 1,118
8 15 162
9 588 1,094
8 141 2,600
9 417 (1,865)
+10 - (4,475)
8 1,880 1,465
9 25,870 25,222
10 72,743 77,931
382 357

21 13

12 18
(1,788) (2,077)
(5,492) (5,241)

52 weeks 52 weeks

ended 28 ended 30

December December

2024 2023

£'000 £7000

295,611 262,032

21,297 17,899

7,036 6,289

323,944 286,220

The average monthly number of persons (including directors) employed by the Company during the period

was:

By activity:
Selling
Administration

36

52 weeks
ended 28
December
2024

No.

13,689
790
14,479

52 weeks
ended 30
December
2023

No.

13,111
734
13,845

Superdrug Stores pic
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

5. Directors

The directors’ emoluments were as follows:

Remuneration
Long term incentive plan

52 weeks
ended 28
December

The Company has no share-based schemes and all remuneration is settled in cash.

There are no post-employment benefits accruing under the Company's defined benefit scheme.

52 weeks
ended 30
December
2023

£000

2,748
167

2,915

The remaining three directors (2023: two) are remunerated by other group entities which do not recharge the
Company. These directors do not receive any remuneration for their services to the Company.

The highest paid director's emoluments were as follows:

Remuneration
Long term incentive plan

6. Finance income and costs

Bank interest

Other Interest income
Pension financing income
Total finance income

Interest payable on loans from group undertakings
Interest expense on lease liabilities

Other Interest expense

Total finance costs

Net finance costs

37

52 weeks
ended 28
December
2024
£'000

2,380
257
2,637

52 weeks
ended 28
December
2024
£000

7,392
19
955
8,366

(4,659)
(11,078)

(7,374)

52 weeks
ended 30
December
2023
£'000

2,018
124

2,142

52 weeks
ended 30
December
2023
£'000

6,552

1,348
7,900

(9,881)
(8,221)
(40)

(15,737)

(18,142)

(10,242)

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

7. Income tax expense

Tax expense included in the statement of comprehensive income 52weeks 52 weeks
ended 28 ended 30
December December

2024 2023
£'000 £7000
UK corporation tax on profits for the period 31,304 25,759
Adjustment in respect of prior periods (6,926) (1,330)
Total current tax charge 24,378 24,429
Origination and reversal of timing differences 8,947 3,997
Total deferred tax 8,947 3,997
Income tax expense 33,325 28,426

Tax charge/(credit) included in Other Comprehensive
Income/(expense)

52 weeks 52 weeks
ended 28 ended 30
December December

2024 2023
___ £7000 £700
Deferred tax:
Origination and reversal of temporary differences 855 (3,869)
Total tax charge/(credit) included in Other Comprehensive
Income/(expense) 855 (3,869)

The effective rate of 24.4% (2023: 25.5%) is lower than (2023: higher than) the standard UK corporation tax
rate of 25% (2023: 23.5%). The differences are:
52 weeks 52 weeks
ended 28 ended 30
December December

2024 2023
£’000 £'000

Profit before taxation 136,826 111,638
Profit before taxation at standard UK corporation tax rate of 25.0% (2023:
23.5%) 34,207 26,235
Effects of:
Non-deductible expenses 6,044 3,521
Adjustment in respect of prior periods (6,926) (1,330)

Income tax expense 33,325 26

38

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

8. Intangible assets

Pharmacy Computer
Brands licences software Total
£7000 £7000 £'000 £7000

Cost
At 31 December 2023 125,000 18,969 9,210 153,179
Additions - - 2,899 2,899
Disposals - (7) (2,124) (2,131)
At 28 December 2024 125,000 18,962 9,985 153,947
Accumulated amortisation and impairment
At 31 December 2023 - 8,963 4,303 13,266
Amortisation - - 1,880 1,880
Disposals : - (2,116) (2,116)
Impairment charge - 141 - 141
At 28 December 2024 - 9,104 4,067 13,171
Net book value
At 28 December 2024 125,000 9,858 5,918 140,776
At 30 December 2023 125,000 10,006 4,907 139,913

Intangible assets amortisation of £610,000 (2023: £472,000) is recorded in cost of sales and £1,270,000
(2023: £993,000) is recorded in administrative expenses in the statement of comprehensive income.

During the period an impairment charge of £141,000 (2023: £2,600,000) was recognised in cost of sales in
the statement of comprehensive income.

39

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

9, Property, plant and equipment

Fixtures,
Leasehold _ fittings and
improvements equipment Total
£000 £'000 £000
Cost
At 31 December 2023 75,664 131,809 207,473
Additions 12,495 20,618 33,113
Disposals (12,263) (23,373) (35,636)
At 28 December 2024 75,896 129,054 204,950
Accumulated depreciation and impairment
At 31 December 2023 49,260 61,460 110,720
Charge for the period 9,933 15,937 25,870
Eliminated on disposals (12,236) (22,812) (35,048)
Impairment charge 236 181 417
At 28 December 2024 47,193 54,766 101,959
Net book value
At 28 December 2024 28,703 74,288 102,991
At 30 December 2023 26,404 70,349 96,753

Depreciation of £23,410,000 (2023: £22,658,000) is recorded in cost of sales and £2,460,000 (2023:
£2,564,000) is recorded in administrative expenses in the statement of comprehensive income.

During the period an impairment charge of £417,000 (2023: £1,865,000 reversal) was recognised in cost of
sales in the statement of comprehensive income.

40

Superdrug Stores plc

Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

10. Right-of-use assets

Retail

Stores Warehouses Offices Other Total

£'000 £7000 £000 £7000 £7000
At 1 January 2023 242,884 29,669 9,519 8,384 290,456
Additions 58,903 - - 1,280 60,183
Re-measurements (13,862) 15,182 (5) 37 1,352
Depreciation (69,853) (4,169) (1,086) (2,823) (77,931)
Impairment reversal 4,475 - - - 4,475
At 30 December 2023 222,547 40,682 8,428 6,878 278,535
Additions 80,487 - : 2,275 82,762
Re-measurements 12,171 (12,566) (1,578) (94) (2,067)
Depreciation (64,757) (4,297) (1,030) (2,659) (72,743)
At 28 December 2024 250,448 23,819 5,820 6,400 286,487

Depreciation of £71,106,000 (2023: £76,308,000) is recorded in cost of sales and £1,637,000 (2023:
£1,623,000) is recorded in administrative expenses in the statement of comprehensive income.

During the period an impairment reversal of Enil (2023: £4,475,000) was recognised in cost of sales in the
statement of comprehensive income.

Re-measurements include a change in scope of the lease, or the consideration of a lease, that was not part
of the original terms and conditions of use, including terminating the right-of-use, or extending or shortening
the contractual lease term.

Lease liabilities

At 28 At 30

December December

2024 2023

100 £'000
Current 75,338 132,062
Non-current 241,514 179,226
316,852 311,288

The current and future undiscounted cashflows for the lease liabilities are:

At 28 At 30

December December

2024 2023

£'000 £'000

Within 1 year 84,426 147,773
Between 1 and 2 years 71,167 60,459
Between 2 and 5 years 129,621 88,318
More than 5 years 76,087 52,095
361,301 348,645

The total cash outflow for the period was £86,133,000 being £75,055,000 of principal and £11,078,000 of
interest. (2023: £89,910,000 being £81,689,000 of principal and £8,221,000 of interest).

41

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

11. Deferred tax liability

Depreciation

in excess of Lease Other — Retirement
capital accounting IFRS temporary benefit
allowances 16 = differences obligation Total
£'000 £7000 £7000 £'000 £000
At 1 January 2023 4,007 6,132 (4,268) (5,919) (48)
Charge to statement of
comprehensive income (183) (809) (289) (2,716) (3,997)
Credit to other
comprehensive
income/(expense) - - - 3,869 3,869
At 30 December 2023 3,824 5,323 (4,557) (4,766) (176)
Charge to statement of
comprehensive income (6,597) (864) (575) (911) (8,947)
Charge to other
comprehensive
income/(expense) - : - (855) (855)
At 28 December 2024 (2,773) 4,459 (5,132) (6,532) (9,978)

12. Investments
The net book value of investments at 28 December 2024 was nil (2023: nil).

The subsidiary, which is incorporated in the United Kingdom and is wholly owned, is as follows:

Subsidiary Registered address Status

Superdrug Pension Trustee Limited 51 Sydenham Road, Croydon, Surrey, CRO 2EU Dormant

13. Inventories

At 28 At 30

December December

2024 2023

£000 £000

Finished goods and goods for resale 302,367 270,607

The amount of inventories recognised as an expense and charged to cost of sales for the 52 weeks ended 28
December 2024 was £1,102,322,000 (2023: £1,044,514,000). Inventories are stated after provisions for
impairment of £14,212,000 (2023: £12,562,000). There is no material difference between carrying amount and
net realisable value of the inventory.

42

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

14. Trade and other receivables

At 28 At 30

December December

2024 2023

£'000 £000

Trade receivables 49,097 47,137
Amounts owed by group undertakings 27,973 33,007
Other receivables 13,589 26,347
Prepayments 26,662 28,874
117,321 135,365

Trade receivables are stated after provisions for impairment of £697,000 (2023: £1,922,000). Amounts owed
by group undertakings are unsecured, repayable on demand and are non-interest bearing.

15. Trade and other payables

At 28 At 30

December December

2024 2023

£'000 £'000

Trade creditors 99,263 91,931
Amounts owed to group undertakings 27,468 54,356
Corporation tax 37,397 38,110
Other taxation and social security 28,534 23,021
Accruals 86,748 78,205
Deferred income 6,618 6,335
Other creditors 28,450 25,939
Deferred tax liability : 176
314,478 318,073

Amounts owed to group undertakings includes an unsecured loan from AS Watson (Health & Beauty UK) Limited
totalling £nil (2023: £30,000,000). During the period an amount of £30,000,000 (2023: £80,000,000) was
settled. The interest rate on this loan is SONIA + 1.83% per annum from 1 January 2024 (2023: SONIA
+1.83%). The effective interest rate for the financial period is 5.6% (2023: 6.2%).

The Company has a pooled bank overdraft facility of £20,000,000, which is provided by National Westminster
Bank plc, and which is unsecured and repayable on demand. Interest is payable at National Westminster Bank
pic base rate plus 1.25%. During the period there were no drawings (2023: nil) on this facility.

The Company has recognised the following liabilities related to contracts with customers for gift card and
loyalty points. These are included within other creditors.

At 28 At30

December December

2024 2023

£7000 £7000

Contract liabilities 13,298 13,101

43

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

16. Borrowings

At 28 December 2024 At 30 December 2023
Current Non-current Current Non-current
£7000 £'000 £7000 £7000
Amounts owed to group undertakings 85,000 : : 85,000

Borrowings relate to a credit agreement with AS Watson Group (HK) Limited. Under the agreement, AS
Watson Group (HK) Limited has agreed to make available a credit facility of £125,000,000, charging interest
at 3.5% per annum, maturing on 15 June 2025.

On 20 May 2025, the credit agreement with AS Watson Group (HK) Limited was extended to 15 June 2030,
charging interest at 5.05% per annum.

At the period end, the amount borrowed on this credit facility was £85,000,000 (2023: £85,000,000). No
repayments were made during the financial period ended 28 December 2024 (2023: nil).

17. Retirement benefit surplus

The retirement benefit obligation relates to a defined benefit scheme, the AS Watson (Health & Beauty UK)
Pension Plan (the “Scheme”). The Scheme is governed by a Trustee board, and the assets of the Scheme
are held separately from the Company's assets. The Scheme is closed, with employees making no further
contributions, and members accruing no further defined benefits.

The Scheme was subject to a triennial actuarial valuation as at 31 March 2024, carried out by Barnett
Waddingham on the projected unit basis. The plan was in a surplus position as at 31 March 2024 and as a
result there is no requirement for the Trustee to agree a recovery plan.. The Company will continue to pay
quarterly contributions to fund the scheme expenses. The next valuation effective date is 31 March 2027.

The Scheme Trustee board have considered the impact of the Virgin Media vs NTL Pension Trustees II
Limited and have concluded that there is no impact on the Scheme.

The retirement benefit obligation at the year-end has been calculated by Isio Services Limited, as actuarial
advisers to the Company, using the projected unit credit method.

The amounts recognised in the balance sheet are as follows:

At 28 At 30
December December
2024 2023
£7000 £7000
Present value of funded obligation (147,181) (164,278)
Fair value of plan assets 173,316 183,343
Retirement benefit surplus 26,135 19,065
Deferred tax liability (note 11) (6,532) (4,766)
Net retirement benefit surplus 19,603 14,299

The retirement benefit surplus and the associated deferred tax liability are shown within different line items
on the balance sheet.

Amounts recognised in the statement of comprehensive income are the pension financing income of

£955,000 (2023: income of £1,348,000), and the pension scheme expenses of £481,000 (2023: £486,000)
included within administrative expenses.

44

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

17. Retirement benefit surplus (continued)
a) Other comprehensive expense
Re-measurement of the retirement benefit surplus has been recognised as follows:
52weeks 52 weeks

ended 28 ended 30
December December

2024 2023
£7000 £'000
Return on plan assets, excluding amounts in interest (15,206) (4,308)
Actuarial gains/(losses) arising from changes in:
Demographic assumptions 6,706 1,886
Financial assumptions 13,761 (2,578)
Liability experience (1,843) (10,473)
Total actuarial gains/(losses) 18,624 (11,165)
Total re-measurement gains/(losses) 3,418 (15,473)
b) Valuations
The movements in the retirement benefit surplus are as follows:
52 weeks 52 weeks
ended 28 ended 30
December December
2024 2023
£'000 £'000
Changes in the present value of retirement benefit obligation
At start of financial period 164,278 151,490
Past scheme costs 297 -
Interest cost on the defined benefit obligation 7,495 7,068
Actuarial (gain)/loss (18,624) 11,165
Net transfer out liability (406) (266)
Benefits paid (5,859) (5,179)
At end of financial period 147,181 164,278
Changes in the fair value of plan assets
At start of financial period 183,343 175,166
Investment return on plan assets (15,206) (4,308)
Interest income on plan assets 8,450 8,416
Contributions by Company 3,475 10,000
Pension scheme expenses (481) (486)
Net transfer out liability (406) (266)
Benefits paid (5,859) (5,179)
At end of financial period 173,316 183,343

The Company's expected contributions (including expenses) to the defined benefit section for the next
financial period ending 27 December 2025 are £700,000 (2023: £3,450,000).

45

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

17. Retirement benefit surplus (continued)
b) Valuations (continued)

The major categories of plan assets are as follows:

At 28 At 30

December December

2024 2023

£000 £7000

Gilts 51,904 67,683
Corporate bonds 35,553 32,908
Debt securities 30,037 26,413
Cash 39,286 42,179
Equities 16,536 14,160
173,316 183,343

c) The principal actuarial assumptions used at the balance sheet date are as follows:

At 28 At 30
December December
2024 2023
Discount rate 5.35% 4.65%
Retail price index 3.15% 3.05%
Pension increases 2.95% 2.85%
Life expectancy at balance sheet date for a pensioner at normal retirement
age (now 65 years):
Male pensioner 20.3 20.3
Female pensioner 23.6 23.6
Life expectancy at balance sheet date for a future pensioner at normal
retirement age:
Male pensioner 21.3 21.5
Female pensioner 24.8 25.1

The discount rate is based on the yield of AA-rated sterling corporate bonds appropriate to the term of the
Scheme's liabilities. The base mortality assumptions are based on the S3PXA_M tables, with future
improvements based on the CMI 2023 projections with a smoothing factor of 7.0 and a long-term rate of
improvement of 1.00% per annum.

The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the period is 15 years (2023:
17 years).

d) Sensitivities:

The sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions
constant. In practice this is unlikely to occur, with changes in more than one assumption more likely as these
may be correlated.

An increase of 0.25% in the discount rate would decrease the retirement benefit obligation by £4.6 million.
A decrease of 0.25% in the discount rate would increase the retirement benefit obligation by £4.8 million.

An increase of 0.25% in the inflation rate would increase the retirement benefit obligation by £4.2 million.
A decrease of 0.25% in the inflation rate would decrease the retirement benefit obligation by £3.3 million.

The sensitivities are based on management's best estimate of a reasonably anticipated change. The
sensitivities are calculated using the same methodology used to calculate the retirement benefit obligation,
by considering the change in the retirement benefit obligation for a given change in assumption. The net
retirement benefit obligation is the difference between the retirement benefit obligation and the fair value of
plan assets. There has been no change in the calculation methodology since the prior period.

46

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

17. Retirement benefit surplus (continued)
e) Other disclosures

The Scheme exposes the Company to actuarial risks such as longevity risk, currency risk, inflation risk,
interest rate risk and market (investment) risk. The Company is not exposed to any unusual entity specific or
Scheme specific risks. The Trustee's investment strategy mitigates some of these risks. Market (investment)
risk is addressed by diversification across asset classes and investment managers. The Trustee keeps
investment performance under review and the Company is consulted before changes are made to the
investment policy.

18. Provisions for liabilities

Deferred Tax Other Total

Liability Provisions Provisions

£000 £7000 £000

At 1 January 2023 - 6,791 6,791

Charged to statement of comprehensive income - 3,163 3,163

Utilised in the period - (1,313) (1,313)

At 30 December 2023 - 8,641 8,641

Transfer from creditors falling due within 1 year 176 - 176

Charged to statement of comprehensive income 8,947 2,326 11,273

Charged to other comprehensive expense 855 - 855

Utilised in the period - (434) (434)
At 28 December 2024 9,978 10,533 20,511

Other provisions comprise estimates for store closure costs, including dilapidations, and store exit costs.

19. Dividends paid

52weeks 52 weeks
ended 28 = ended 30
December December

2024 2023
£7000 £'000
20.5p per ordinary share of 10p each (2023: 20.5p per ordinary share of 10p 45,000 45,000
each) id ,
20. Called up share capital
At 28 At 30
December December
2024 2023
Allotted and fully paid ordinary shares of 10p each (£'000) 22,000 22,000

Number of shares (‘000 shares) 220,000 220,000

47

Superdrug Stores plc
Notes to the Financial Statements (continued)
For the 52 Weeks ended 28 December 2024

21. Contingent liabilities

The Company has issued guarantees in respect of property lease rentals for a fellow group undertaking,
Kruidvat Real Estate UK Limited, to an annual value of £219,000 (2023: £643,000).

The Company, from time to time, is party to legal proceedings, including tax matters, and claims which arise
in the ordinary course of business. The directors do not anticipate that the outcome of these proceedings,
actions and claims, either individually or aggregate, will have a material impact on the financial position of
the Company.

22. Capital and other commitments

The Company has no capital commitments (2023: nil).

23. Controlling parties

The Company's immediate parent undertaking is AS Watson (Health & Beauty UK) Limited, a company
registered in England. The smallest group into which the results of the Company are consolidated is AS
Watson Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with its principal place of business
in Hong Kong. The registered office is PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman
Islands. The financial statements of AS Watson Holdings Limited are not publicly available.

The Company's ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party and the largest group to consolidate these
financial statements is CK Hutchison Holdings Limited, a company listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited and incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The registered office of CK Hutchison Holdings
Limited is PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. The financial
statements of CK Hutchison Holdings Limited can be obtained from 48th Floor, Cheung Kong Center, 2
Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong.

48
