Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Directors‘ report and financial statements

for the year ended 31 December 2018

SATURDAY

MIT

22/06/2019 #49
COMPANIES HOUSE

Registered office address:
Shewalton Road

Irvine, Ayrshire

KA11 5AP

Scotland

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Directors’ report and financial statements

for the year ended 31 December 2018

Contents

Directors’ report

Independent Auditor's Report
Statement of comprehensive income
Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity

Notes to the financial statements

Pages
1-3

4-6

10-16

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Directors’ report for the year ended 31 December 2018

The Directors present their report on Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited ("the Company") and the
audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018.

Principal activities and future developments

The Company is a member of the GlaxoSmithKline Group (the "Group"). The Company is a private company
limited by shares and is incorporated and domiciled in the UK (Scotland). The address of the registered office is
Shewalton Road, Irvine, Ayrshire, KA11 5AP, Scotland.

The principal activity of the company is to act as a nominee shareholder and as a Corporate Director or Company
Secretary. No other trading by the Company has occurred in the financial year. Directors do not envisage any
trading by the Company in the foreseeable future.

Review of business

The Company made a loss for the financial year of £8,000 (2017: loss of £8,000). The Directors are of the opinion
that the current level of activity and the year end financial position are sustainable, and that the Company remains
a going concern due to a strong net asset position.

The loss for the year of £8,000 will be transferred from reserves (2017: loss for the year of £8,000 transferred
from reserves).

Results and dividends

The Company's results for the financial year are shown in the statement of comprehensive income on page 7.

No dividend is proposed to the holders of ordinary shares in respect of the year ended 31 December 2018 (2017:
£nil).

Directors

The Directors of the Company who were in office during the year and up to the date of signing the financial
statements were as follows:

Glaxo Group Limited

J Borger (Appointed on 25 February 2019)
C Panagiotidis (Appointed on 15 February 2019)
O Dubianskij (Resigned on 13 February 2019)
A Burns (Resigned on 3 April 2019)
S Dingemans (Resigned on 1 May 2019)

No Director had, during the year or at the end of the year, any material interest in any contract of significance to
the Company's business with the exception of the Corporate Directors, where such an interest may arise in the
ordinary course of business. A Corporate Director is a legal entity of the Group, as opposed to a natural person
(an individual) Director.

Directors’ indemnity

Each of the Directors benefits from an indemnity given by the Company under its articles of association. This
indemnity is in respect of liabilities incurred by the Director in the execution and discharge of his, her or its duties.
In addition, each of the Directors who is an individual benefits from an indemnity given by another Group
undertaking, GlaxoSmithKline Services Unlimited. This indemnity is in respect of liabilities arising out of third party
proceedings to which the Director is a party by reason of his, her or its engagement: in the business of the
Company.

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited

(Registered number: SC005534)

Directors’ report for the year ended 31 December 2018 (continued)

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
The Directors are responsible for preparing the Directors’ report and the financial statements in accordance with
applicable law and regulations.

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the
directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted
Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure
Framework", and applicable law). Under company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements
unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and of the profit
or loss of the Company for that period,

In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are required to:

select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent;

state whether applicable UK accounting standards, comprising FRS 101, have been followed, subject to
any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements; and

prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the
Company will continue in business.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
Company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company
and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006. The Directors are
also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

Governance

The Company's approach to the Modern Slavery Act 2015 is set by the Group. Each year, as part of their
governance arrangements, the Group formally reviews and approves the approach to the Modern Slavery Act
2015 and has confirmed that the approach is still valid for 2018.

Disclosure of information to auditors

As far as each of the Directors are aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company's auditors
are unaware, and the Directors have taken all the steps that ought to have been taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditors are aware of that
information.

Approach to Brexit

In preparing for the UK's exit from the EU (Brexit), the Directors of the Group have taken a risk-based approach to
maintain continuity of supply of our medicines, vaccines and consumer healthcare products to the people in the
UK and EU at the Group level, rather than at an individual statutory entity level. For this reason, the Company's
Directors believe that a discussion of the Group's approach to Brexit would not be appropriate for an
understanding of the impact of Brexit to the position of the Company's business. The Group's approach to Brexit,
which includes that of the Company, is discussed in the Group's 2018 annual report which does not form part of
this report.

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Directors’ report for the year ended 31 December 2018 (continued)

Independent auditor

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP resigned during the year as the Company's auditor. Subsequently Deloitte LLP
were appointed to act as the Company's auditor pursuant to section 485(3) Companies Act 2006.

This report has been prepared taking advantage of the small companies exemption in accordance with section
415A of the Companies Act 2006.

On behalf of the Board

Le

C Panagiotidis
Director
5 June 2018


Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
"(Registered number: SC005534)

Independent auditor's report to the members of Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
Report on the audit of the financial statements

Opinion '

In our opinion, the financial statements of Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (the "Company"):

* give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 December 2018 and of its loss for the
year then ended;

have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice,
including Financial Reporting Standard 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”; and

+ have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We have audited the financial statements which comprise:

+ the statement of compréhensive income .
+ the balance sheet;

+ the statement of changes in equity; and

+ the related notes 1 to 13.

The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation is applicable law and United Kingdom
Accounting Standards, including Financial Reporting Standard 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework".

Basis for opinion :
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable
law, Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the auditor's responsibilities for the audit
of the financial Statements section of our report.

We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of
the financial statements in the UK, including the Financial Reporting Council's (the ‘FRC’s’) Ethical Standard, and
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern

We are required by ISAs (UK) to report in respect of the following matters where:

+ the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in preparation of the financial statements is not
appropriate; or

* The Directors were not entitled to take advantage of small companies’ exemptions in preparing the Directors’
report and from the requirement to prepare the strategic report.

We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.

Other information

The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comiprises the information included
in the directors report and financial statements, other than the financial statements and our auditor's report
thereon. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent
otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material
inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether there is a material

"misstatement in the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work
we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Independent auditor's report to the members of Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited

Responsibilities of directors

As explained more fully in the directors’ * responsibilities statement, the Directors are responsible for the
preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such
internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. ~

In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Company's ability to
Continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements .

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the. financial statements is located on the FRC’s
website at: www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor's report.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006

In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:

+ the information given in the directors’ report for the financial year. for which the financial statements are
prepared is consistent with the financial statements; and .

+ the directors’ report has been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the Company and its.environment obtained in the course of the
audit, we have not identified any material misstatements in the directors’ report.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception

Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report in respect of the following matters if, in our opinion:

* adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received
from branches not visited by us; or

the financial statements are-not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or

certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

The Directors were not entitled to take advantage of small companies’ exemptions in Preparing the Directors’
report and from the requirement to prepare the strategic report.

We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Independent auditor's report to the members of Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
Use of ourreport _

This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the
Companies Act 2006. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members
those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest
extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the
Company's members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

The Company has passed a resolution in accordance with section 506 of the Companies Act that the senior
statutory auditor's name should not be stated.

Dolote WF

Deloitte LLP

Statutory Auditor
London, United Kingdom
5 June 2019

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Statement of comprehensive income
for the year ended 31 December 2018

2018 2017

Notes £'000 £000

Other operating expense (10) (10)
Operating loss 5 (10) (10)
Loss before taxation (10) (10)
Taxation 7 2 2
Loss for the year (8) (8)

The results disclosed above for both the current year and prior year relate entirely to continuing
operations.

The Company has no other comprehensive income during either the current year or prior year and
therefore no separate statement to present other comprehensive income has been prepared.

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Balance sheet
as at 31 December 2018

2018 2017

Notes £'000 £000
Current assets
Trade and other receivables 8 1,317 1,317
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables 9 (30) (22)
Net current assets 1,287 1,295
Total assets less current liabilities 1,287 1,295
Non-current liabilities
Other non-current liabilities 9 (65) (65)
Total liabilities (95) (87)
Net assets 1,222 1,230
Equity
Share capital 10 1,250 1,250
Other reserves "1 6 6
Accumulated losses (34) (26)
Shareholders’ equity 1,222 1,230

The financial statements on Pages 7 to 16 were approved by the Board of Directors on 5 June 2019 and

signed on its behalf by:
C Panagiotidis
Director

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Statement of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 December 2018

Share Other Accumulated
capital reserves losses Total
£'000 £'000 £'000 £'000
At 1 January 2017 1,250, 6 (18) 1,238
Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year : - (8) (8)
At 31 December 2017 1,250 6 (26) 1,230
Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year - : (8) (8)
At 31 December 2018 1,250 6 (34) 1,222


(al

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018
Presentation of the financial statements
General information

The Company is a private company limited by shares and is incorporated and domiciled in the United Kingdom
(Scotland). The address of the registered office is Shewalton Road, Irvine, Ayrshire KA11 SAP Scotland.

The principal activity of Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited is to act as a nominee shareholder and as a
Corporate Director or Company Secretary. The Company is a member of the GlaxoSmithKline Group.

Summary of significant accounting policies

The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below.
These policies have been consistently applied, unless otherwise stated.

Basis of preparation

The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 100 Application of
Financial Reporting Requirements ("FRS 100") and Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure
Framework ("FRS 101").

These financial statements have been prepared on the going concern basis under the historical cost convention,
and in accordance with the Companies Act 2006.

The financial statements are presented in Pounds Sterling.
Disclosure exemptions adopted

In preparing these financial statements the Company has taken advantage of all disclosure exemptions conferred
by FRS 101. Therefore these financial statements do not include:

+ Paragraphs 45(b) and 46 to 52 of IFRS 2, ‘Share-based payments' (details of the number and weighted-
average exercise prices of share options, and how the fair value of goods or services received was
determined);

+ The requirements of paragraphs 62, B64(d), B64(e), B64(g), B64(h), B64(j) to B64(m), B64(n)(ii), BE4(o)(ii),

B64(p), B64(q)(ii), B66 and B67 of IFRS 3 Business Combinations;

+ The requirements of paragraph 33(c) of IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued operations;

+ IFRS 7, ‘Financial instruments: disclosures’;

+ The requirements of the second sentence of paragraph 110 and paragraphs 113(a),114, 115, 118, 119(a) to
(c), 120 to 127 and 129 of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

+ Paragraphs 91 to 99 of IFRS 13, ‘Fair value measurement' (disclosure of valuation techniques and inputs used
for fair value measurement of assets and liabilities);

+ Paragraph 38 of IAS 1, ‘Presentation of financial statements’ comparative information requirements in respect
of:

(i) paragraph 79(a) (iv) of IAS 1;

(ii) paragraph 73(e) of IAS 16 Property, plant and equipment;

(ili) paragraph 118(e) of IAS 38 Intangible assets (reconciliations between the carrying amount at the
beginning and end of the period);

(iv) paragraph 76 and 79(d) of IAS 40 Investment property;

(v) paragraph 50 of IAS 41 Agriculture.

{a

(b

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018

Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
Basis of preparation (continued)

* The following paragraphs of IAS 1 ,'Presentation of financial statements’:

- 10(d) (statement of cash flows),

- 10(f) (a balance sheet as at the beginning of the preceding period when an entity applies an accounting
policy retrospectively or makes a retrospective restatement of items in its financial statements, or when it
reclassifies items in its financial statements),

- 16 (statement of compliance with all IFRS),

- 38A (requirements for minimum of two primary statements, including cash flow statements),

- 38B-D (additional comparative information),

- 40A-D (requirements for a third balance sheet),

- 111 (cash flow statement information), and

- 134 - 136 (capital management disclosures).

+ IAS 7, ‘Statement of cash flows’;

+ Paragraph 30 and 31 of IAS 8 ‘Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors’ (requirement
for disclosure of information when an entity has not applied a new IFRS that has been issued but is not yet
effective);

+ Paragraph 17 and 18A of IAS 24, ‘Related party disclosures’ (key management compensation);

+ The requirements in IAS 24, ‘Related party disclosures' to disclose related party transactions entered into

between two or more wholly owned members of a group; and

+ The requirements of paragraphs 130(f)(ii), 130(f)(iii), 134(d) to 134(f) and 135(c) to 135(e) of IAS 36

impairment of Assets.

The financial statements of GlaxoSmithKline plc can be obtained as described in note 2(c).

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with FRS 101 requires the use of certain critical accounting
estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Company's
accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions
and estimates are significant to the financial statements are disclosed in Note 3.

Implementation of IFRS 9 ‘Financial instruments"

The Company has applied IFRS 9 ‘Financial instruments’ with effect from 1 January 2018. IFRS 9 introduces new
requirements for the classification and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities and impairment for
financial assets.

Details of these new requirements as well as their impact on the Company's financial statements are described
below. The Company has adopted IFRS 9 retrospectively but with certain permitted exceptions as detailed below.

Classification and measurement of financial assets

The date of initial application was 1 January 2018. The Company has not applied the requirements of IFRS 9 to
instruments that were derecognised prior to 1 January 2018 and has not restated prior years. Any difference
between the previous carrying amount and the revised carrying amount at 1 January 2018 has been recognised
as an adjustment to opening retained earnings at 1 January 2018.

All financial assets that are within the scope of IFRS 9 are required to be measured at amortised cost with
movements through the statement of comprehensive income on the basis of the Company's business model for
managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets.

(b)

()

(d

(e

)

)

)

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018
Implementation of IFRS 9 ‘Financial instruments’ (continued)
Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)

The Company's trade and other receivables were all classified as financial assets measured at amortised cost
under IAS 39. Under IFRS 9, the business model under which each portfolio of trade and other receivables held
has been assessed. The Company has portfolio under IFRS 9 to collect the contractual cash flows which is
measured at amortised cost.

There were no material changes in the carrying value of the financial assets as a result of these changes in
measurement basis.

Impairment of financial assets

IFRS 9 requires an expected credit loss (ECL) model to be applied to financial assets rather than the incurred
credit loss model required under IAS 39. The expected credit loss model requires the Company to account for
expected losses as a result of credit risk on initial recognition of financial assets and to recognise changes in
those expected credit losses at each reporting date.

ECLs are applied to all net trade receivables using the simplified approach, and 12-month ECL are applied to all
other receivables using the general approach. No ECL allowance for trade receivables was recognised on
transition to IFRS 9.

Ultimate and immediate parent undertaking

The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the ultimate parent company. GlaxoSmithKline plc, a company
registered in England and Wales, is the Company's ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party. The largest
and smallest group of undertakings for which group financial statements are prepared and which include the
results of the Company are the consolidated financial statements of GlaxoSmithKline plc. Copies of the
consolidated financial statements can be obtained from the Company Secretary, GlaxoSmithKline plc, 980 Great
West Road, Brentford, Middlesex TW8 9GS. The immediate parent undertaking is Glaxo Group Limited. These
financial statements are separate financial statements.

Expenditure

Expenditure is recognised in respect of services received when supplied in accordance with contractual terms. A
provision is made when an obligation exists for a future liability in respect of a past event and where the amount of
the obligation can be reliably estimated.

Preference shares

The Company's preference shares are treated as a liability and accordingly are disclosed as other non-current
liabilities. Preference dividends are treated as a finance expense.

12

(f)

ig

(b)

(i)

@

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018

Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables are carried at original invoice amount less allowance for expected credit losses.
Expected credit losses are calculated in accordance with the approaches permitted by IFRS 9. For trade
receivables, the simplified approach is used by using a provision matrix applying lifetime historical credit loss
‘experience to the trade receivables. The expected credit loss rate varies depending on whether and the extent to
which settlement of the trade receivables is overdue and it is also adjusted as appropriate to reflect current
economic conditions and estimates of future conditions. For the purpose of determining credit loss rates,
customers are classified into groupings that have similar loss patterns. The key drivers of the loss rate are the
nature of the business unit and the location and type of customer.

For other receivables, the general approach is used where the Company entity recognises the losses that are
expected to result from all possible default events over the expected life of the receivable, when there has been a
significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the receivable has not
increased significantly since initial recognition, the entity measures the expected loss allowance based on losses
that are expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. When a
trade and other receivable is determined to be uncollectable it is written off, firstly against any expected credit loss
allowance available and then to the statement of comprehensive income.

Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously provided for are credited to the statement of comprehensive
income. Long-term receivables are discounted where the effect is material.

Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value and then held at amortised cost using the effective
interest method. Long-term payables are discounted where the effect is material.

Taxation

Current tax is provided at the amounts expected to be paid or refunded applying the tax rates that have been
enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.

Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

Trade and other receivables for periods up to and including December 2017

Trade and other receivables are carried at original invoice amount less any provisions for doubtful debts.
Provisions are made where there is evidence of a risk of non-payment, taking into account ageing, previous
experience and general economic conditions. When a trade or other receivable is determined to be uncollectable

it is written off, firstly against any provisions available and then to the statement of comprehensive income.

Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously provided for are credited to the statement of comprehensive
income. Long-term receivables are discounted where the effect is material.

Critical accounting judgments and key sources of estimation uncertainty
In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect

the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses reported in the financial statements. Actual amounts and
results could differ from those estimates.

13

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018

Critical accounting judgments and key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

The Directors do not consider that there are any critical accounting judgments that have been made in the
process of applying the Company's accounting policies and that have had a significant effect on the amounts
recognised in the financial statements. There have been no significant estimates or assumptions which are likely

to cause a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

Preference dividend

The right to the preference dividend has been waived by the shareholder.

Operating loss

2018 2017
£'000 £'000
The following item has been charged in operating loss:
Management fee (10) (10)

GlaxoSmithKline Services Unlimited provides various services and facilities to the Company including finance and
administrative services for which a management fee is charged. Included in the management fee is a charge for
auditors remuneration of £4,100 (2017: £4,109).

Employees

All UK employees are remunerated by GlaxoSmithKline Services Unlimited and receive no remuneration from the
Company. A management fee is charged by GlaxoSmithKline Services Unlimited for services provided to the
Company (Note 5). The Company has no employees (2017: nil).

Taxation

2018 2017
Income tax credit on loss £'000 £000
Current tax:
UK corporation tax at 19.00% (2017: 19.25% 2) (2)
Total tax credit for the year (2) (2)


10

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018

Taxation (continued)

There are no items required to reconcile the profit on ordinary activities before taxation at the statutory rate of
19.00% (2017: 19.25%) to the current taxation charge.

Factors that may affect future tax charges:
A reduction in the UK corporation tax rate from 20% to 19% (effective from 1 April 2017) was substantively

enacted on 26 October 2015, and a further reduction to 17% (effective 1 April 2020) was substantively enacted on
6 September 2016. This will reduce the company's future current tax charge accordingly.

No instance of deferred taxation has been recognised in the statement of comprehensive income or directly in
equity in either the current or prior year.

Trade and other receivables .
2018 2017

£'000 £000
‘Amounts due within one year
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 1,315, 1,316
Corporation tax 2 2
1,317 4,317

The amounts owed by Group undertakings are unsecured, interest free and are repayable on demand. The
corporation tax debtor contains amounts which will be received from fellow Group companies.

Trade and other payables

2018 2017
£'000 £'000
Amounts falling due within one year
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 30 22
Amounts falling due after more than one year
Amounts owed to Group undertakings 65 65
95. 87

Amounts falling due after more than one year include 13,000 5% Cumulative Non-Redeemable Preference
Shares of £5 each which are issued and fully paid. These shares confer the right to a fixed cumulative preferential
dividend at the rate of 5% per annum. The Cumulative Preference Shares shall rank both as regards to dividends
and the repayment of capital in priority to all ordinary shares but shall not confer any further right to participate in
profits or assets.

Under IAS 32 the Company's preference shares meet the definition of liabilities and are classified as payables
due after one year.

Share capital
2018 2017 2018 2017
Number of shares Number of shares £'000 £'000

Issued and fully paid
250,000 Ordinary Shares of £5 each 250,000 250,000 1,250 1,250

(2017: £5 each)


ail

12

13

Edinburgh Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
(Registered number: SC005534)

Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018

Other reserves
Other

reserves
£'000

At January 2018 and 31 December 2018

Other reserves relates to profit on disposal of an investment in subsidiary in 2015 that has not been classified to
the statement of comprehensive income.

Directors’ remuneration

During the year the Directors of the Company, with the exception of the Corporate Directors, were remunerated
as executives of the Group and received no remuneration in respect of their services to the Company (2017: £nil).
Corporate Directors received no remuneration during the year, either as executives of the Group or in respect of
their services to the Company (2017: £nil).

Related party transactions

As a wholly owned subsidiary of the ultimate parent company, GlaxoSmithKline pic, advantage has been taken of
the exemption afforded by FRS 101 ‘Reduced disclosure framework’ not to disclose any related party transactions
within the Group or information around remuneration of key management personnel compensation. There are no
other related party transactions.

16
