Company Registration No. 03222291

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd
Annual report and financial statements

for the year ended 30 April 2024

*AEZLZTUI* j

A07 26/07/2025 #88
\ COMPANIES HOUSE

SATURDAY

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd -

Contents

Officers and professional advisers

Strategic Report

Directors’ Report

Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the financial statements
Independent auditors’ report to the members of The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd
Statement of Comprehensive Income

Statement of Financial Position

Statement of Changes in Equity

Notes to the financial statements

Page

10
13
14
15

16

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Officers and professional advisers

Directors
Mrs A J Willis

Mr Travis Theobald Garza

Registered office
Waterfront (3° floor)
Manbre Road
Hammersmith Embankment
London

W6 9RU

United Kingdom

Independent auditors

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
1 Embankment Place

London

WC2N 6RH

United Kingdom

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd
Strategic Report

Strategic Report
The directors present their Strategic Report for the year ended 30 April 2024.

Business review and principal activities

The principal activity of The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd (“the Company”) is the distribution of healthcare and
nutritional products. During the year turnover showed a sizeable decrease by £4,371 k to £23,191k (2023: £27,562k).

The drop in turnover was driven by the macro-economic situation throughout the year. Economic uncertainty was
driven by a period of high inflation and the outcome of the war in Ukraine and the Middle East. In this context, the
sales volumes of the Company’s products saw a further decrease compared with the previous period.

On the costs side the Company experienced an increase of the incidence of cost of goods sold mainly due to an increase
of purchase prices applied by third parties’ suppliers that leads to a decrease of gross margin percentage (67% vs
71%). Distribution costs decreased following the trend of sales, incidence on turnover of these costs remained aligned
to last year (44%).

Administration expenses show a significant decrease due to a general reduction in current costs such as people costs,
third party services (call centre) and to an extraordinary refund from the London Borough of Hammersmith & Fulham
(also “LBHF”) related to business rates of previous years (£2,484k).

The loss for the year after tax amounted to £7,600k (2023: loss of £11,218k). During the fiscal year no dividends were
received from the Italian subsidiary The Juice Plus+ Company S.r.1. (2023: nil).

Net liabilities amount to £29,412k and have increased by £7,600k mainly due the increase of intercompany payables
(£11,436k) and to the effect of the business/sales trend decline resulting in a decrease of cash (£878k) and partially
offset by the increase of prepayments due to the next year EMEA and Rio conventions (£1,070k) and the extraordinary
increase of asset due to the business rates amount to be received from LBHF (£2,484k).

Section 172(1) statement

Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 requires a director of a company to act in the way he or she considers, in good
faith, which would most likely promote the success of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole. Section
172(1) requires a director to have regard, amongst other matters, to the:

a) likely consequences of any decisions in the long-term;

b) interests of the company’s employees;

c) need to foster the company’s business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

d) impact of the company’s operations on the community and environment;

e) desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and

f) need to act fairly as between members of the company.

In discharging our section 172(1) duties the directors have regard to the factors set out above. The directors also have
regard to other factors which we consider relevant to the decisions being made.

Those factors, for example, include the interests and views of our workforce, our customers, our partners, our suppliers
and our relationship with regulators. The directors acknowledge that every decision made will not necessarily result
in a positive outcome for all of our stakeholders. By considering the Company’s purpose, vision and values together
with its strategic priorities and having a process in place for decision-making, the directors do, however, aim to make
sure that decisions are consistent and predictable.

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Strategic Report ‘

Section 172(1) statement (continued)

Authority for day-to-day management of the Company is delegated to executives who are then engaged in setting,
approving and overseeing execution of the business strategy and related policies. The directors review financial and
operational performance, customer-related matters and legal and regulatory compliance at every Board meeting.

The directors also review other areas over the course of the financial period including the Company’s business
strategy, key risks (including any potential risks and impact post Brexit and cyber risk), the Company’s risk appetite,
operational resilience and workforce matters (including diversity and inclusion). This is done through the
consideration and discussion of reports which are sent in advance of each Board meeting and through presentations to
the Board.

The Company’s key stakeholders are its shareholder, customers, regulators and its workforce. Suppliers and franchise
partners are also important stakeholders of the Company. The views of and the impact of the Company’s activities on
those stakeholders are an important consideration for the directors when making relevant decisions. The Board
recognises that building strong relationships with our stakeholders will help to deliver the Company’s strategy in line
with its long-term values and operate the business in a sustainable way. While there are cases where the Board itself
judges that it should engage directly with certain stakeholder groups or on certain issues, the size and spread of some
stakeholders means that sometimes stakeholder engagement will take place at an operational or NSA International,
LLC group level.

During the year the directors received information from various internal sources to understand the interests and views
of the Company’s key. stakeholders and other relevant factors when making decisions. This information was
distributed in a range of different formats including in reports and presentations on financial and operational
performance, non-financial KPIs, risk and the outcomes of specific pieces of engagement. As a result the directors
have had an overview of engagement with stakeholders and other relevant factors which allows the Board to
understand the nature of the stakeholders’ concems and to comply with our section 172 duty to promote success of
the Company and its subsidiaries.

Set out below are some examples of how the directors have had regard to the matters set out in section 172(1)(a)-(f)
when discharging our section 172 duty and the effect of that on decisions taken by us.

Annual review of budget and business plan

The Board carries out a review of the Company’s budget on an annual basis and a quarterly forecast review. This
includes approving the business plan for the following relevant period. In the current year the Board’s review included
an evaluation of the progress the Company had made against the strategic priorities and the Company’s long-term
strategic goals previously settled. The review also focused on investment decisions around the Company's control
environment, internally driven resilience activity and regulatory requirements including, but not limited to, end-of-
life systems and core platform refreshes (i.e. payments related platform).

This review is carried out in parallel to the NSA International, LLC group budgeting process, which includes the other
EMEA entities and the US entity. All financials are shared and aligned with the NSA International, LLC group in
order to be aligned to its vision and global strategy.

In making its decision to approve the business plan and future strategy of the Company, the Board also considered,
amongst other things, its impact on the long-term position of the Company and its reputation as well as feedback from
engagement exercises with the workforce and dialogues with customers and regulators.

Our people (workforce)
A number of engagement and feedback mechanisms for our employees are well established at Juice Plus Group,
including, business leader Q&A sessions, weekly global calls and our intranet web site, Juice Plus World, with all
relevant information and digital tools. These mechanisms enable timely and tailored communications to employees
on topics most relevant to their role and which they are most interested in, in recognition of the geographical and

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Strategic Report

Section 172(1) statement (continued)
operational diversity of our workforce. We are aware that our global workforce also includes contractors and partners,
so we also assess appropriate mechanisms for engaging with those groups.

The Company decided, post pandemic period, to maintain a flexible work model (office/home) in order to grant to its
employees a better work/life balance.

Customers and partners

Our engagement with customers takes a variety of different forms, we engage with partners at partners working
groups, conferences and round table events. We also engage with our customers through our social media platforms,
which we use to provide regular updates on our products and their performance.

We monitor customer feedback to help us establish our customers’ views on the Company’s products and services as
ways we can improve our offering. We believe that aligning our strategy, services and products to the needs and
interests of our customers is central to supporting long-term value creation, enabling innovation.

Shareholder
Our engagement with the Shareholder is always oriented to fairness and openness.

‘Suppliers and regulators
Our Company relies on external and internal suppliers for certain services which are required to maintain the efficiency
and resilience of the Company's operations.

The Company’s management team holds regular meetings with its key suppliers, which allow for open discussions
and encourage a partnership approach, in order to identify and mitigate any risks to the key service provisions of the
Company. At those meetings, service level agreements, KPIs are discussed and feedback is exchanged. We believe
that having solid long-term relationships with our suppliers is essential to continue to provide our solutions to
customers and maintain operational resiliency. At the same time the Company maintains an open communication with
regulators in order to be always in line with regulatory requirements.

Community, environment and reputation

The Company’s operations are always inspired by the Juice Plus values. These values drive our operations in order to
reach our mission that can be summarised as follows: Become the leading global Healthy Living Community and to
maintain a reputation for high standards of business conduct.

The key values are:
- Authentic, we are intentional about being ourselves and fostering trust in our relationships;
- Community, we work together, support one another, and give back to others;
- Simplicity, we make everything from plant-based nutrition to earning extra income as simple as possible;
-  Approachable, we are open to new ideas and respectful of the opinions of others;

- Quality, we settle for nothing less than the very best in our products, in our business practices, and from
ourselves;

- Longevity, we think of the long-term impact of our business on people’s lives and people’s health; and
- Inclusive, we celebrate all people. Everyone is welcome.
Key performance indicators

Turnover and operating result are key performance indicators for the business as well as the numbers of active
franchise partners. Brand awareness and the quality of our product portfolio has been a key driver in retaining
customers and franchise partners. The business will continue to maintain its leading position through further product
development working alongside all members of our business.

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Strategic Report

Key performance indicators (continued)

During the year there was an operating loss of £7,485k (2023: operating loss of £11,067k). This loss, equal to £9,969k
not considering the refund from the London Borough of Hammersmith & Fulham related to business rates of previous
years of £2,484k, was almost totally due to the reduction of turnover and was only partially offset by the reduction of
administrative costs as described above.

Cash generation is also key, with the Company seeing a decrease in the year end cash balance of £878k, mainly as a
result of the decrease of the business and advance payments occurred for the forthcoming conventions in FY25.

The directors are of the opinion that there are no further key performance indicators.
Future developments

The directors expect to bring back the business to higher sales volumes in the forthcoming year, introducing new
products and renewing the brand strategy; an additional boost should come from the implementation of the digital
transformation that will modernise the Company’s IT systems including the web interface with customers and partners.
Such investments, such as the one in people, will increment the sustainable growth of the business and will provide
both franchise partners and consumers a greater overall experience when working with us.

The business has a robust base from which to continue to build and we have many exciting new opportunities within
our core market and existing customers’ base which we expect to further drive shareholder value.

Principal risks and uncertainties

The Company operates in an environment which is continually changing and as a result the risks it faces will also
change over time.

Market Risk

The failure to retain significant distributor levels could cause a negative impact on sales, as this is key to the generation
of new customers and development of relationships with existing customers. As such to retain our revenues we manage
our relationships with both established and new distributors to motivate them to continue representing JP products.

Due to high levels of competition in the industry, we might fail to retain customers and distributors. The business of
nutritional products is highly competitive and reliant on the introduction of new products. As such we will continue
to look to introduce new products.

Price Risk

The Company’s products are premium products as such no discounts are granted. Sales volumes showed that prices
are competitive and the ability to take a price increase still remains. In this regard, due to the recent inflation trend
specifically in UK and the EU, the Company’s directors decided to slightly increase prices starting from October 2023.

Climate Risk

The directors performed an analysis on potential climate risk and did not consider it to have a material impact on the
Company.

Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Company’s activities expose it to a number of risks including credit risk, cash flow risk and liquidity risk. As
stated above price risk is not considered to be critical. The Company does not use derivative financial instruments.

Credit risk

The Company’s principal financial assets are bank balances and cash, and trade and other receivables.

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Strategic Report

Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)

The Company’s credit risk is primarily attributable to its trade receivables. The directors however believe that the
diverse spread of customers across a number of strategic geographic locations, the fact that a good portion of sales are
paid upfront mitigate this risk and ensures no reliance is placed on one customer group within the market.

Cash flow risk

The Company's activities expose it primarily to the financial risks of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
There is also a dependency risk related to the sourcing of products through our internal distribution chain as all our
core products are sourced through related party relationships. To mitigate this risk the directors work alongside other
members of the wider group in order to ensure a strong liquidity position for the business and also allow adequate
resource to grow the business.

Liquidity risk
In order to maintain liquidity to ensure that sufficient funds are available for ongoing operations and future
developments, the Company uses short-term intercompany finance.

Approved by the Board of directors and signed on behalf of the Board

ZED M

Mrs A J Willis
15 July 2025

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Directors’ Report

Future developments

Details of future developments can be found in the Strategic Report on page 5 and form part of this report by cross-
reference.

Events after the balance sheet date
The directors are not aware of any material post balance sheet, events which would directly affect the business.
Existence of subsidiaries outside the UK

The Company has subsidiaries, as defined in section 1046(3) of the Companies Act 2006, outside the UK as follows:
Belgium, Italy, Mexico. The Romanian branch was liquidated at the end of FY23. The Spainish subsidiary was
liquidated during the fiscal year on 22 March 2024.

Financial risk management objectives and policies

Details of financial risk management objectives and policies can be found in the Strategic Report on pages 2 to 6 and
form part of this report by cross-reference.

Results

The results for the financial period are shown on page 13.

Directors

The present directors of the Company are listed on page 1. Directors who were appointed or resigned throughout the
year and subsequently up to the date of this report are listed below:

Mr J W Thompson ~ terminated 10 June 2024

Mr Travis Theobald Garza — appointed 9 July 2024

Dividends

The Company did not receive dividends from its Italian subsidiary — The Juice Plus+ Company S.r.1. (2023: £nil).
No dividends were paid during the year (2023: £nil).

Directors’ indemnities

The Company has made qualifying third party indemnity provisions for the benefit of its directors which were made
during the year and remain in force at the date of this report.

Engagement with suppliers, customers, employees and others

Details of engagement with suppliers, customers, employees and others can be found in the Strategic Report on pages
2 to 6 and form part of this report by cross-reference.

Going concern

In forming their judgement on the going concern assumption, the directors have taken into careful consideration the
trading uncertainties that may influence the Company’s activities, the performance to the date of approval of the
financial statements and expectations of future performance. The directors have also considered the adequacy of the
Company’s resources to continue in operational existence and meet its liabilities for the foreseeable future, which is
determined to be a period of at least 12 months from the approval of these financial statements.

During this assessment management conducted various scenario analysis, including a base case and a severe but
plausible downside analysis, which covered the parent company and its subsidiaries, to consider various levels of
revenue reduction and the working capital implications. The directors carefully analysed the current projections
through to the end of July 2026. The Company serves as the headquarters for all of the NSA International, LLC group's
European markets, providing global functions and services, with a sister entity, Juice Plus GmbH, acting as warehouse
agent for the European markets.

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Directors’ Report

Going concern (continued)

Given the net current liability position of the Company, the directors have obtained a written confirmation from Juice
Plus GmbH — the most significant creditor of the Company — stating that it will not demand repayment of the
Company’s debt to an extent that would jeopardise the Company’s going concem status, for a minimum period of 12
months from the date of issuance of these financial statements.

The directors have also received a letter of financial support from NSA International, LLC, the Company's ultimate
parent company, such that the Company is able to operate as a going concern and to settle its liabilities as they fall
due. This financial support will include i) not seeking the repayment of amounts advanced to the Company by the
Parent and/or other members of the Parent group unless adequate alternative financing has been secured by the
Company, and ii) advancing further amounts to the Company as required by the Company.

The directors are aware that the ultimate parent is currently undergoing a financial restructuring. Such restructuring is
likely to be completed within a period of 12 months from the date of signing of the financial statements. This process
may not complete, or, if completed, may lead to a change in the Company’s ultimate ownership. As such, the ultimate
parent company may not be able to provide such support. In addition, the directors have limited visibility regarding
the future structure or intentions of any potential new owners. These factors indicate the existence of a material
uncertainty which may cast significant doubt over the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Nevertheless,
based on the mitigating factors described and the letters of support received, the directors have a reasonable
expectation that the Company will be able to maintain operations for the foreseeable future, and accordingly, the
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The financial statements do not include the
adjustments that would result if the Company were unable to continue as a going concem.

Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the financial statements

The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the financial statements in accordance with
applicable law and regulation.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the directors
have prepared the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice
(United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102 “The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the
UK and Republic of Ireland”, and applicable law).

Under company law, directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true
and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period. In preparing
the financial statements, the directors are required to:

e select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

© state whether applicable United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102 have been followed, subject
to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial statements;

« make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and

© prepare the financial statements on the going concer basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Company
will continue in business.

The directors are responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable steps for the
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

The directors are also responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the
company’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and
enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2006.

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd
Directors’ Report

Directors’ confirmations
In the case of each director in office at the date the Directors’ Report is approved:

so far as the director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Company’s auditors are unaware;
and

e they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a director in order to make themselves aware of any
relevant audit information and to establish that the Company’s auditors are aware of that information.

This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of s418 of the Companies Act
2006.

The financial statements on pages 13 to 30 were approved by the Board of directors on 15" of July 2025 and signed
on its behalf by.

Mrs A J Willis
15 July 2025

Independent auditors’ report to the members
of The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Report on the audit of the financial statements

Opinion
In our opinion, The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd’s financial statements:

© give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 30 April 2024 and of its loss for the year then
ended;

© have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United
Kingdom Accounting Standards, including FRS 102 “The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and
Republic of Ireland”, and applicable law); and

« have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual report and financial statements (the “Annual
Report”), which comprise: the Statement of Financial Position as at 30 April 2024; the Statement of Comprehensive
income and the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year then ended; and the notes to the financial statements, which
include a description of the significant accounting policies.

Basis for o nm

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and applicable law.
Our responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial
statements section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion. \

Independence

We remained independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of
the financial statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

Material uncertainty related to going concern

In forming our opinion on the financial statements, which is not modified, we have considered the adequacy of the
disclosure made in note 1 to the financial statements concerning the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
The directors are reliant upon a letter of financial support from NSA International, LLC, the Company's ultimate parent
company. The ultimate parent company may not be able to provide such support as it is currently undergoing a financial
restructuring, which may not complete. If the financial structuring does complete, which is expected within a period of
12 months from the date of signing of the financial statements, it may lead to a change in the Company's ultimate
ownership. These conditions, along with the other matters explained in note 1 to the financial statements, indicate the
existence of a material uncertainty which may cast significant doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going
concern. The financial statements do not include the adjustments that would result if the Company were unable to
continue as a going concern.

In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the relevant
sections of this report.

Reporting on other information

The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than the financial statements and our
auditors’ report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information. Our opinion on the financial statements
does not cover the other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or, except to the extent
otherwise explicitly stated in this report, any form of assurance thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge
obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify an apparent material inconsistency
or material misstatement, we are required to perform procedures to conclude whether there is a material misstatement
of the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other information. If, based on the work we have
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that
fact. We have nothing to report based on these responsibilities.

With respect to the Strategic Report and Directors' Report, we also considered whether the disclosures required by the
UK Companies Act 2006 have been included.

Based on our work undertaken in the course of the audit, the Companies Act 2006 requires us also to report certain
opinions and matters as described below.

Strategic Report and Directors’ Report
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit, the information given in the Strategic Report
and Directors' Report for the year ended 30 April 2024 is consistent with the financial statements and has been prepared
in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

In light of the knowledge and understanding of the Company and its environment obtained in the course of the audit, we
did not identify any material misstatements in the Strategic Report and Directors' Report.

Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit

Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements

As explained more fully in the Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the financial statements, the directors
are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for being
satisfied that they give a true and fair view. The directors are also responsible for such internal control as they determine
is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to
do so.

Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements.

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
(UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line
with our responsibilities, outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud.
The extent to which our procedures are capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud, is detailed below.

Based on our understanding of the Company and industry, we identified that the principal risks of non-compliance with
laws and regulations related to the General Data Protection Regulation, European labelling and general food !aws, and

employee health and safety laws, and we considered-the extent to which non-compliance might have a material effect
on the financial statements. We also considered those laws and regulations that have a direct impact on the financial
statements such as the Companies Act 2006 and relevant tax legislation. We evaluated management's incentives and
opportunities for fraudulent manipulation of the financial statements (including the risk of override of controls), and
determined that the principal risks were related to potential management bias in accounting estimates and inappropriate
journal posting to manipulate financial results. Audit procedures performed by the engagement team included:

« Understanding and evaluating the design and implementation of controls designed to prevent and detect
irregularities and frau

Identifying and testing unusual journal entries, in particular journal entries posted with unusual account
combinations;

 Enquiring of management regarding its consideration of any known or suspected instances of non-compliance with
laws and regulations or fraud; and,

* Challenging assumptions and judgements made by management in determining significant accounting estimates.

There are inherent limitations in the audit procedures described above. We are less likely to become aware of instances
of non-compliance with laws and regulations that are not closely related to events and transactions reflected in the
financial statements. Also, the risk of not detecting a material misstatement due to fraud is higher than the risk of not
detecting one resulting from error, as fraud may involve deliberate concealment by, for example, forgery or intentional
misrepresentations, or through collusion.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s website at:
www. frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditors’ report.

Use of this report
This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the Company’s members as a body in accordance
with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006 and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving these opinions,
accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report is shown or into whose
hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior consent in writing.

Other required reporting

Companies Act 2006 exception reporting
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:

* we have not obtained all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or

* adequate accounting records have not been kept by the Company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been
received from branches not visited by us; or

© ‘certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or

© the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns.

We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.

cash Soil

Alexander Smith (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
London

15 July 2025

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Statement of Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 30 April 2024

Year ended Year ended

30 April 30 April
2024 2023
Note £7000 £7000

Turnover 3 23,191 27,562
Cost of sales (7,617) (8,077)
Gross profit 15,574 19,485
Distribution costs (10,221) (12,136)
Administrative expenses (12,838) (18,416)
Operating loss (7,485) (11,067)
Interest payable and similar expenses 7 (115) (151)
Loss before taxation 4 (7,600) (11,218)
Tax on loss 8 - -
Loss for the financial period (7,600) (11,218)

The results for the current and preceding year relate to continuing operations.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.

There are no recognised gains or losses for the current or the preceding year other than as stated in the profit and loss
account. Therefore, no statement of other comprehensive income has been presented.

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Statement of Financial Position

As at 30 April 2024

Fixed assets
Intangible assets
Tangible assets
Investments

Current assets
Debtors
Cash at bank and in hand

Total assets

Creditors: amounts falling due within one year
Net current liabilities

Total assets less current liabilities

Provisions for liabilities

Total liabilities

Net liabilities

Capital and reserves

Called up share capital

Profit and loss account

Total Shareholders’ deficit

Note

10
1

30 April
2024
£7000

3
537
427

967

9,089
304

9,393

10,360

(39,637)

(30,244)

(29,277)

(135)

(39,772)

(29,412)

229
(29,641)

(29,412)

30 April
2023
£7000

20
907
429

1,356

4,221
1,182

5,403

6,759

(28,437)

(23,034)

(21,678)

(134)

(28,571)

(21,812)

229
(22,041)

(21,812)

The financial statements of The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd, registered number 03222291, on pages 13 to 30 were
authorised for issue by the Board of directors on 15 July 2025 and were signed on its behalf.

The accompanying notes, on pages 16 to 30 are an integral part of the financial statements.

Mrs A J Willis
15 July 2025

Type text here

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Statement of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 30 April 2024

At 1 May 2022
Loss for the financial period and total comprehensive
expense

At 30 April 2023
Loss for the financial period and total comprehensive

expense

At 30 April 2024

Called up
share capital _ Profit and loss Total
account

£7000 £7000 £7000

229 (10,823) (10,594)

- (11,218) (11,218)

229 (22,041) (21,812)

- (7,600) (7,600)

229 (29,641) (29,412)


The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Notes to the financial statements

For the year ended 30 April 2024

Notes to the financial statements

1. Accounting policies

The significant accounting policies adopted are summarised below. They have been applied consistently throughout
the current year and preceding year.

General information and basis of accounting

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd (“the Company”) is a company incorporated in the United Kingdom under the
Companies Act 2006. The Company is a private company limited by shares and is registered in England and Wales.
The address of the Company’s registered office is shown on page 1. The nature of the Company’s operations and its
principal activities are set out in the Strategic Report on pages'2 to 6.

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention in accordance with the Companies
Act 2006 under Financial Reporting Standard 102 (FRS 102) issued by the Financial Reporting Council. The Company
has applied the amendments to FRS 102 issued by the FRC in December 2017 with effect from 1 April 2019.

The functional currency of the Company is Pounds Sterling because that is the currency of the primary economic
environment in which the Company operates. Amounts are rounded to the nearest £'000. Foreign operations are
included in accordance with the policies set out below.

The Company meets the definition of a qualifying entity under FRS 102, being a subsidiary of NSA (Holdings)
Limited that prepares publicly available consolidated financial statements which are intended to give a true and fair
view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and loss of the company, and has therefore taken advantage of the
disclosure exemptions available to it in respect of these financial statements.

The Company has taken advantage of the following exemptions in its individual financial statements: i) from preparing
a statement of cash flows, on the basis that it is a qualifying entity and the consolidated statement of cash flows
includes the company’s cash flows; ii) from the financial instrument disclosures, required under FRS 102 paragraphs,
11.42, 11.44, 11.45, 11.47, 11.48(a)(iii),11.48(a)(iv), 11.48(b), 11.48(c), 12.26, 12.27, 12.29(a), 12.29(b) and 12.29A;
iii) from preparing group financial statements as it is itself a wholly-owned subsidiary undertaking and its immediate
parent undertaking is established in the UK ($400); iv) from disclosing share based payment arrangements, required
under FRS 102 paragraphs 26.18(c), 26.19 to 26.21 and 26.23, as these are presented within the Parent Company’s
consolidated financial statements and the relevant disclosures are included therein; v) from disclosing the Company
key management personnel compensation, as required by FRS 102 paragraph 33.7.

The Company has not disclosed details of related party transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries in the NSA
International, LLC group in line with paragraph 33.1A of FRS 102.

Going concern

In forming their judgement on the going concer assumption, the directors have taken into careful consideration the
trading uncertainties that may influence the Company’s activities, the performance to the date of approval of the
financial statements and expectations of future performance. The directors have also considered the adequacy of the
Company’s resources to continue in operational existence and meet its liabilities for the foreseeable future, which is
determined to be a period of at least 12 months from the approval of these financial statements.

During this assessment management conducted various scenario analysis, including a base case and a severe but
plausible downside analysis, which covered the parent company and its subsidiaries, to consider various levels of
revenue reduction and the working capital implications. The directors carefully analysed the current projections
through to the end of July 2026. The Company serves as the headquarters for all of the NSA International, LLC group's
European markets, providing global functions and services, with a sister entity, Juice Plus GmbH, acting as warehouse
agent for the European markets.

16

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Notes to the financial statements

For the year ended 30 April 2024

1. Accounting policies (continued)
Going concern (continued)

Given the net current liability position of the Company, the directors have obtained a written confirmation from Juice
Plus GmbH — the most significant creditor of the Company — stating that it will not demand repayment of the
Company’s debt to an extent that would jeopardise the Company’s going concem status, for a minimum period of 12
months from the date of issuance of these financial statements.

The directors have also received a letter of financial support from NSA International, LLC, the Company's ultimate
parent company, such that the Company is able to operate as a going concern and to settle its liabilities as they fall
due. This financial support will include i) not seeking the repayment of amounts advanced to the Company by the
Parent and/or other members of the Parent group unless adequate alternative financing has been secured by the
Company, and ii) advancing further amounts to the Company as required by the Company.

The directors are aware that the ultimate parent is currently undergoing a financial restructuring. Such restructuring is
likely to be completed within a period of 12 months from the date of signing of the financial statements. This process
may not complete, or, if completed, may lead to a change in the Company’s ultimate ownership. As such, the ultimate
parent company may not be able to provide such support. In addition, the directors have limited visibility regarding
the future structure or intentions of any potential new owners. These factors indicate the existence of a material
uncertainty which may cast significant doubt over the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Nevertheless,
based on the mitigating factors described and the letters of support received, the directors have a reasonable
expectation that the Company will be able to maintain operations for the foreseeable future, and accordingly, the
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. The financial statements do not include the
adjustments that would result if the Company were unable to continue as a going concern.

Group financial statements

In accordance with Section 400(1) of the Companies Act 2006 the Company has not prepared group financial
statements as it is a wholly owned subsidiary of NSA (Holdings) Limited, a company registered in England and Wales,
which prepares publicly available consolidated financial statements.

Revenue recognition

Sale of goods: revenue represents amounts receivable for goods net of VAT as delivered to customers in the normal
course of business. Revenue is recognised on despatch/shipment of the goods to the customer.

Sale of services: revenues represent amounts receivable for Application and Administration fees charged to franchise
partners. Revenue is recognised in the accounting period in which the services are rendered.

Administrative and Distribution Expenses

Administrative and distribution expenses are accounted for on an accruals basis.

Fixed assets

Tangible fixed assets are stated at cost, net of depreciation and any provision for impairment. Depreciation is provided
on all tangible fixed assets at rates calculated to write off the cost, less estimated residual value, of each asset on a
straight-line basis over its expected useful life, as follows:

© — Office furniture 20% per annum
© Computer hardware 33% per annum
« Leasehold improvements 12.5% and 20% per annum or on remaining life of the lease if shorter

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Notes to the financial statements

For the year ended 30 April 2024

1. Accounting policies (continued)
Fixed assets (continued)

Residual value represents the estimated amount which would currently be obtained from disposal of an asset, after
deducting estimated costs of disposal, if the asset were already of the age and in the condition expected at the end of
its useful life.

Intangibles fixed assets are stated at cost, net of amortisation and any provision for impairment. Computer software is
stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Software is amortised over its
estimated useful life, of between three and five years, on a straight-line basis. Where factors, such as technological
advancement or changes in market price, indicate that residual value or useful life have changed, the residual value
useful life or amortisation rate are amended prospectively to reflect the new circumstances. The assets are reviewed
for impairment if the above factors indicate that the carrying amount may be impaired.

Investments

Investments in subsidiaries held as fixed assets are shown at cost less provision for impairment.
Cash at bank and in hand

Cash and cash equivalents includes cash at bank and in hand and deposits held at call with banks.
Taxation

Current tax is provided at amounts expected to be paid using the tax rates and laws that have been enacted or
substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. .

Deferred tax is recognised in respect of all timing differences that have originated but not reversed at the balance sheet
date where transactions or events that result in an obligation to pay more tax in the future or a right to pay less tax in
the future have occurred at the balance sheet date. Timing differences are differences between the Company’s taxable
profits and its results as stated in the financial statements that arise from the inclusion of gains and losses in tax
assessments in periods different from those in which they are recognised in the financial statements.

A deferred tax asset is regarded as recoverable and therefore recognised only to the extent that, on the basis of all
available evidence, it can be regarded as more likely than not that there will be suitable taxable profits from which the
future reversal of the underlying timing differences can be deducted.

Deferred tax is measured using tax rates that are expected to apply in the periods in which the timing differences are
expected to reverse, based on tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet
date. Deferred tax is measured on a non-discounted basis.

Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only when there is a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and the
Company intends either to settle on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if: a) the Company has a legally enforceable right to set off current
tax assets against current tax liabilities; and b) the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes
levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either
to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously,
in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or
recovered.

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 30 April 2024

1. Accounting policies (continued)
Foreign currencies

Assets and liabilities in foreign currencies are translated into sterling at the rates of exchange ruling at the balance
sheet date. Transactions in foreign currency are translated into sterling at the rate ruling on the date of the transaction.
Exchange differences are taken into account in arriving at the operating profit.

Leases

Rentals under operating leases are charged on a straight-line basis over the lease term, even if the payments are not
made on such a basis. Benefits received and receivable as an incentive to sign an operating lease are similarly spread
on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Financial instruments
The Company has chosen to adopt the Sections 11 and 12 of FRS 102 in respect of financial instruments.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Company’s Statement of Financial Position when the’
Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according to the substance of the contractual arrangements
entered into. An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the company after
deducting all of its liabilities.

Financial assets and liabilities

All financial assets (including trade and other receivables) and liabilities (including trade and other payables) are
initially measured at transaction price (including transaction costs), except for those financial assets classified as at
fair value through profit or loss, which are initially measured at fair value (which is normally the transaction price
excluding transaction costs), unless the arrangement constitutes a financing transaction. If an arrangement constitutes
a financing transaction, the financial asset or financial liability is measured at the present value of the future payments
discounted at a market rate of interest for a similar debt instrument.

Trade receivables represent amounts owed by customers where the right to receive payment is conditional only on the
passage of time and are stated at their nominal value. The carrying value of trade receivables is reduced by allowances
for potential credit losses. Estimated future credit losses are based on the ageing of the receivable balances, historical
experience and forward looking considerations.

Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business
from suppliers, Accounts payable are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less. If not,
they are presented as non-current liabilities. Trade payables are recognised initially at transaction price and
subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Financial assets and liabilities are only offset in the statement of financial position when, and only when there exists
a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and the company intends either to settle on a net basis, or
to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

Financial assets are derecognised when and only when a) the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial
asset expire or are settled, b) the company transfers to another party substantially all of the risks and rewards of
ownership of the financial asset, or c) the company, despite having retained some, but not all, significant risks and
rewards of ownership, has transferred control of the asset to another party.

Financial liabilities are derecognised only when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled or
expires.

19

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 30 April 2024

1. Accounting policies (continued)

Equity instruments

Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the fair value of cash or other resources received or
receivable, net of transaction costs.

Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new ordinary shares or
options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

Impairment of assets

Assets are assessed for indicators of impairment at each balance sheet date. If there is objective evidence of
impairment, an impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss as described below.

Non-financial assets

An asset is impaired where there is objective evidence that, as a result of one or more events that occurred after initial
recognition, the estimated recoverable value of the asset has been reduced to less than the carrying value of the asset.
The recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use.

Where indicators exist for a decrease in impairment loss previously recognised, the prior impairment loss is tested to
determine reversal. An impairment loss is reversed on an individual impaired asset to the extent that the revised
recoverable value does not lead to a revised carrying amount higher than the carrying value had no impairment been
recognised.

Financial assets

For financial assets carried at amortised cost, the amount of impairment is the difference between the asset’s carrying
amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the financial asset’s original effective
interest rate.

For financial assets carried at cost less impairment, the impairment loss is the difference between the asset’s carrying
amount and the best estimate of the amount that would be received for the asset if it were to be sold at the reporting
date.

Where indicators exist for a decrease in impairment loss, and the decrease can be related objectively to an event
occurring. after the impairment was recognised, the prior impairment loss is tested to determine reversal. An
impairment loss is reversed on an individual impaired financial asset to the extent that the revised recoverable value
does not lead to a revised carrying amount higher than the carrying value had no impairment been recognised.

Dividend income

Dividend income from investments is recognised when the shareholders’ rights to receive payment have been
established (provided that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and the amount of
dividend income can be measured reliably).

Employee benefits

For defined contribution schemes the amount charged to the profit and loss account in respect of pension costs and
other retirement benefits is the contributions payable in the year. Differences between contributions payable in the
year and contributions actually paid are shown as either accruals or prepayments in the Statement of Financial Position.

20

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 30 April 2024

1. Accounting policies (continued)
Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event,
it is probable that the Company will be required to settle that obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the
amount of the obligation.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation
at the balance sheet date, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision
is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of
those cash flows (when the effect of the time value of money is material).

Interest payable and similar expenses
Interest costs are charged to profit or loss in the period in which the related intercompany payables remain outstanding.
2. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

In the application of the Company’s accounting policies, which are described in note 1, the directors are required to
make judgments (other than those involving estimations) that have a significant impact on the amounts recognised.
The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to
be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

The directors believe that there are no critical accounting judgements or estimation of uncertainties that are material.

3. Turnover

The turnover and loss before tax are attributable to the principal activity of the Company. The geographical analysis
of turnover by destination is as follows:

Year ended Year ended

30 April 30 April

2024 2023

£7000 £7000
United Kingdom 9,399 13,519
Overseas 13,792 14,043
23,191 27,562

Overseas revenues refer mainly to Spain £7,547k (2023: £6,208k), the Netherlands £2,407k (2023: £2,960k), Belgium
£1,644k (2023: £2,253k) and Ireland £1,869k (2023: £2,135k).

Of the total revenue of £23,191k (2023: £27,562k), £637k (2023: £908k) relates to the fees charged to franchise
partners for application and administration services. The remaining revenues relate to the sale of goods.

21

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 30 April 2024

4. Loss before taxation

Loss before taxation is stated after charging/(crediting):

Depreciation of tangible assets - owned by the Company
Amortisation of intangibles assets - owned by the Company (included in
administrative expenses)
Impairment of debtors
Auditors’ remuneration:
Fees payable to the Company’s auditors for the audit of the
Company’s financial statements
Other fees payable to the Company’s auditors
Operating lease rentals- land and buildings (office services inc.)
Foreign exchange gain

5. Directors’ remuneration

Note

Year ended
30 April
2024

£7000

390

17
156

90

1,368
(25)

Year ended
30 April
2023

£000

510

77
261

60
48

1,353
(134)

In the current year, one of the Company’s two directors was employed directly by the Company (2023: two) and
received remuneration from the Company. The other director was remunerated by NSA International, LLC. The total
remuneration paid by the Company to the director was £291k (2023: £1,346k), of which £271k (2023: £591k) is gross
salary and £19k (2023: £19k) is pension, In FY23 £762k was related to compensation for loss of office for one director.

Remuneration for the highest paid director was £291k (2023: £353k).

6. Staff numbers and costs

The average monthly number of employees (including directors) was:

Management

Sales and marketing
Administration

IT and Business Intelligence

Their aggregate remuneration comprised:

Wages and salaries
Social security costs
Other pension costs

2024
No.

75
23
125

Year ended
30 April
2024

£7000

7,620
814
321

8,755

2023
No.

113
12
145

Year ended
30 April
2023

£7000

9,002
947
335

10,284

22

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd
Notes to the financial statements (continued)

For the year ended 30 April 2024

6. Staff numbers and costs (continued)

The Company operates a defined contribution pension scheme. Contributions of £335k (2023: £408k) were made to
this scheme in the year. Contributions of £50k (2023: £58k) were outstanding at the balance sheet date.

7. Interest payable and similar expenses

Year ended Year ended
30 April 30 April
2024 2023
£000 £7000
Interest payable on intercompany balances 115 151
115 151
8. Tax on loss
Year ended Year ended
30 April 30 April
2024 2023
£000 £7000
Current tax
Foreign taxation - -
Adjustment in respect of previous years . - -
Total current tax credit - -
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of timing differences - -
Effect of increased tax rate : -
on opening balance
Adjustments in respect of prior periods - -
Total deferred tax - -
Total tax on loss : :

The differences between the total current tax shown above and the amount calculated by applying the average standard
rate to the loss before tax are as follows:

23

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 30 April 2024

8. Tax on loss (continued)

Year ended Year ended
30 April 30 April
2024 2023
£7000 £7000
Loss before tax (7,600) (11,218)
Tax on loss before tax at standard UK corporation tax rate of 25% (2023: (1,900) (2,186)
19.49%)
Effects of:
Fixed assets differences 2 (2)
Remeasurement of deferred tax for changes in tax rates - (423)
Transfer pricing adjustments 790 691
Movement in Deferred tax asset not recognised 1,108 1,920

Total tax charge/(credit) for the year - =

In line with the previous year, directors have not recognised deferred tax assets (on losses) for an amount of £4,021k
(2023: £2,913k) as not forecasting future taxable profit against which the losses can be recognised.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only where the Company has a legally enforceable right to do so and where
the assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on the same taxable entity. There
is no expiry date on timing differences, unused tax losses or tax credits.

In addition, during this financial year the Italian subsidiary received a tax assessment notice regarding withholding
taxes on dividends paid to the Company in 2017 and 2018 aimed at verifying the corrected application of withholding,
taxes at source.

The Italian subsidiary, also supported by its legal and tax advisory firm, believes that there are valid arguments in
support of the tax treatment adopted, based on the interpretation of applicable tax regulations and relevant case law.
Therefore, no specific provision in its financial statements is deemed necessary.

24

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 30 April 2024

9. Intangible assets

Cost

At 1 May 2023
Additions
Disposal

At 30 April 2024
Accumulated amortisation
At I May 2023

Charge for the year

At 30 April 2024

Net book value
At 30 April 2024

At 30 April 2023

Computer
software
£'000

688

688

(668)
(7)

(685)

20

25

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)

For the year ended 30 April 2024

10. Tangible assets

Cost
At Ist May 2023
Additions

At 30 April 2024
Accumulated Depreciation
At Ist May 2023

Charge for the year

At 30 April 2024

Net book value

At 30 April 2024
At 30 April 2023

Office Computer Leasehold Total
furniture hardware improvements

£'000 £'000 £'000 £7000

316 1,440 1,682 3,438

: 20 - 20

316 1,460 1,682 3,458

(296) (1,251) (984) (2,531)

(18) (156) (216) (390)

(314) (1,407) (1,200) (2,921)

3 53 482 537

20 189 698 907

26

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd
Notes to the financial statements (continued)

For the year ended 30 April 2024

11. Investments

Investments in

subsidiary
companies
£7000
Cost and net book value
At | May 2022 429
At 30 April 2023 429
Disposal (2)
At 30 April 2024 40
The disposal is related to the liquidation of the investment in the Spanish entity.
Subsidiary undertakings
Name Country of Registered office Principal activity Classof Holding
incorporation shares
The Juice Plus+ Italy Via Torri Bianche n.7 Distribution of Ordinary 100%
Company S.r.1 20871 healthcare and
Vimercate (MB) nutritional products
The Juice Plus+ Belgium 1831 Machelen (Diegem) Distribution of Ordinary 100%
Company BVBA Park Hill 18B healthcare and
’ Mommaertslaan nutritional products
The Juice Plus+ Mexico Av. Paseo de la Reforma No. Distribution of Ordinary 100%
Company of 483 P. 14 Of. 1411, 06500 healthcare and
Mexico S de RL de Mexico City nutritional products
cv
The directors believe that the carrying value of investments is supported by the underlying net assets.
12. Debtors
30 April 30 April
2024 2023
£7000 £7000
Amounts falling due within one year:
Trade debtors 2,860 2,528
Amounts owed by fellow group undertakings 1,066 908
Other debtors 3,462 155
Prepayments and accrued income 1,701 630
9,089 4,221

Trade debtors are stated after provision for impairment of £156k (2023: £261k). The decrease is related to the decrease
of sales.

27

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 30 April 2024

12. Debtors (continued)

Other Debtors mainly relates to the amount to be received from the London Borough of Hammersmith & Fulham
(“LBHF”) regarding business rates refund (£3,069k) and VAT receivable (£348k). In March 2025 the amounts owed
by LBHF has been fully received.

Prepayments relates mainly to advance payments for the convention held in May 2024 (EMEA convention) and the
Rio convention that will take place in May 2025 (£963k).

Due to the short term nature of the financial assets included in this note they are held at undiscounted cost and are
repayable within one year. Amounts owed by group undertakings relate to recharges for costs incurred by the UK
Company and are non-interest bearing and payable on demand.

13. Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

30 April 30 April

2024 2023

£7000 £7000

Trade creditors 1,039 1,293
Amounts owed to fellow group undertakings 33,317 21,881
Taxation and social security 1,173 1,532
Accruals and deferred income 4,108 3,731
39,637 28,437

Amounts owed to fellow group undertaking are trade creditors and they are held at amortised cost and are repayable,
following the payment terms, by the end of the month following invoice. They are related to amounts owed for the
goods supplied by another group entity and to recharges for costs incurred centrally. Amounts are unsecured and they
have no fixed date of repayment and are repayable on demand.

14, Provisions for liabilities

Dilapidations Total

£000 £7000

At | May 2023 (134) (134)
Charge to profit and loss account o) a)
‘At 30 April 2024 (135) (135)

Other provisions relate to dilapidations on the rented office as there is an obligation to repair damages which incur
during the life of the lease, such as wear and tear. The cost is charged to profit and loss as the obligation arises. The
provision is expected to be fully utilised within 2028 when the leases terminate.

28

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 30 April 2024

15. Called up share capital

30 April 30 April
2024 2023
£7000 £7000
Allotted, called up and fully paid
229,100 (2023: 229,100) Ordinary shares of £1 each 229 229

The Company’s other reserves comprise: the profit and loss account which represents retained earnings and
accumulated losses.

16. Operating lease commitments

Total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

30 April 2024 30 April 2023

Land and Land and

buildings buildings
£7000 £7000
- Within one year 1,239 1,239
- Between two and five years 3,614 4,956
- After five years - -
4,853 6,195

17. Guarantees and charges
The Company has not entered into any guarantees.

The Company receives an intercompany charge for Intellectual Property licenses related to the ERP system (approx.
2% on revenues).

18. Share awards

The 2019 Cash-Settled Management Incentive Plan (the “2019 Plan”) provides for management of the UK
subsidiary to receive cash-settled incentive awards representing a hypothetical interest in the subsidiary itself
equivalent to the Class C units issued under the 2018 Plan. Participation in the 2019 Plan is designated by the
Compensation Committee of the Board of directors of the Company, and any officer, director, employee, or
consultant of the UK Company is eligible to participate. The 2019 Cash Units were granted with an exercise price of
nil and are based solely on service criteria. The units are subject to vest 25% on the first anniversary of the vesting
commencement date with the remaining 75% of the units vesting quarterly over the next three years.

There is no charge recognised in the period relating to the Cash Units. The unrecognized compensation expense for
the UK related cash units totalled nil for both the periods ended April 30, 2024 and April 30, 2023.

29

The Juice Plus+ Company Ltd

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 30 April 2024

19. Ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party

The ultimate parent company and controlling party is Altamont Capital Partners whose registered address is 400
Hamilton Avenue, Palo Alto, California, 94301, United States. The largest group for which consolidated financial
statements are prepared is NSA International, LLC. The registered address for NSA International, LLC is 140 Crescent
Drive, Collierville Shelby County, Tennessee, 38017, United States.

The immediate parent company and parent undertaking of the smallest group for which consolidated financial
statements are prepared is NSA (Holdings) Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales. The registered
address for NSA (Holdings) Limited is Waterfront (3 Floor), Manbre Road, Hammersmith Embankment, London,
W6 9HP. Consolidated financial statements are available from Companies House, Cardiff CD14 3UZ.

30
