THURSDAY

Company registration number: 09351322

TONIC

22/05/2025 #166
COMPANIES HOUSE

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Annual report and financial statements
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Contents

Strategic report

Directors’ report

Directors’ responsibilities statement
Independent auditor's report
Income statement

Balance sheet

Statement of changes in equity

Notes to the financial statements

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Strategic report
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Principal activities
Walgreens Bools Alliance Limited (the "Company’) is a holding company within the Walgreens Bools Alliance, Inc. consolidated group ("Group").

Business review and key performance indicators (KPIs)
The key performance indicators for the company are provided in the table below:

2024 2023
$000 $000
Operating (loss)/profit (1,202) 164
Profit for the year 3,480 8,353
Shareholders’ equit 425,320 421,840 :

During the year, an impairment in relation to loans to Group undertakings of $1,202 thousand was recognised (2023: $200 thousand impairment
reversal). See note 12 for further information.

As at 31 August 2023, the Company had a loan receivable of $125,834 thousand with an interest rate of 6.069% and a maturity date of 4 March 2024,
During the year the company extended the maturity date to 4 March 2026 with an interest rate of 5.566%. See Note 12 for further information.

The Directors and their duties under Section 172 of the Companies Act
‘The Company has a board of Directors comprised of three directors as staled within the Directors’ report.

‘The Directors believe that a commitment to strong corporate governance standards is an essential element of enhancing long-term shareholder value
in a sustainable manner. Being a part of the Group, the Company adheres to the Corporate Governance Guidelines (the “guidelines’) that have been
adopted by Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. to assist the Board in the exercise of its responsibilities on behalf of the Company and ils shareholders. The
uidelines are intended to provide guidance as a component of the flexible framework within which the Directors oversee and direct affairs of the
Company. The Board also complies with the Code of Conduct and Business Ethics, issued by the Group which are applicable to all employees, officers
and Directors of the Company. A copy of the Corporate Governance Guidelines can be found at https:/investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com!
governance.

In addition, the Company adheres to the robust framework of delegated authorities and intemal policies adopted by the Group, which support the
Group's corporate governance arrangements across the organisation.

Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 requires a director of a company to act in the way he or she considers, in good faith, would most likely promote
the long term success of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole and in doing so have regard (amongst other matters) to

a, the likely consequences of any decision in the long term;

b. the interests of the company's employees;

c. the need to foster the company's business relationships with suppliers, customers and others;

d. the impact of the company's operations on the community and the environment;

e. _ the desirability of the company maintaining a reputation for high standards of business conduct; and

f. the need to act fairly as between members of the company.

As a part of their induction, the Directors of the Company are briefed on their duties including those under section 172(1) and they can access
professional advice on these either from the Company Secretary or, if they judge necessary, from independent advisors for effective discharge of their
duties.

When making any decisions, during the year ended 31 August 2024, the Directors considered, both individually and together, the matters set out in
section 172(1)(a-f) and have acted in a way they consider, in good faith, would be most likely lo promote the success of the Company for the benefit of
its members, as a whole, Below are some of the ways in which the Directors have engaged with various stakeholders and fulfilled their duty under this
‘section.

Employees: The Company has no employees and therefore has nothing to report in respect of employee engagement activity during the year. The
Directors emoluments are paid by a fellow Group undertaking.

Customers, Suppliers and other stakeholders: The Company is a holding company and therefore does not have any direct customers. The Directors
strongly believe in operating in a transparent way, in the marketplace, and treating its various key stakeholders both equitably and fairly. The Company
whether directly or through its affliate companies, engages with these stakeholders through multiple channels. These would typically include face-to-
face interactions, social media interaction, surveys, meeting, and corporate website. These engagements provide the Directors with a broad and
diverse understanding of issues most relevant to these stakeholders and allows them to consider the interest of these stakeholders while performing
their duty under section 172(1).

Principal risks and uncertainties
The Company's Directors monitor the overall risk profile of the Company. In addition, the Directors are responsible for determining clear policies as to
what the Company considers to be acceptable levels of risk. These policies seek to enable people throughout the Company to use their expertise to
identify risks that could undermine performance and to devise ways of bringing them to within acceptable levels. Where the Directors identify risks that
are not acceptable, they develop action plans to mitigate them with clear allocation of responsibilities and timescales for completion and ensure that,
progress towards implementing these plans is monitored and reported upon. There are no additional business risks for the Company necessary for an
understanding of the development, performance or position of the business other than those mentioned below.

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Strategic report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Recovery of loans

Risk

The majority of the Company's assets consist of loans to Group undertakings, Adverse conditions in the markets in which subsidiaries operate or other
contributing factors could cause the Company to not be able to recover these loans.

The impact of the current global cost pressures and supply chain disruptions has resulted In high inflation rates globally, which has been exacerbated
by the ongoing geo-political conflicts. These factors have contributed to a cost of living crisis, which may decrease the valuation of the Company's
assets in affiliates through increased material, operational and financing costs in the underlying trading businesses, decreased disposable income
amongst the customers of these businesses, higher discount rates, adverse foreign exchange movements and thus reduced present value of future
cash flows.

Mitigation
The Company tends only to fellow Group undertakings. Creditworthiness of potential Group borrowers are assessed prior to extending their credit
terms. The Company as well as the Group, monitors liquidity of Group borrowers through reviews of cash generated via operations and long-term cash
requirements, including the ability of the Group borrower to repay the interest and principal on loans (see Group treasury function risk management
within the Directors’ Report for further information on liquidity and information on foreign currency exchange risk).

Sustainability

The Company is part of the Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. Group that leverages its experience and global outreach to care for people and the planet in
numerous social responsibility and sustainability initiatives that have an impact on the health and wellbeing of millions of people. For further details,
please refer to the Group's Environmental Social and Governance report published on the Group website
htlps:/www_walgreensbootsalliance,com/environmental-social-governance.

Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by:

F Standish
Director
2 December 2024

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Directors’ report
for the year ended 31 August 2024

‘The Directors present their annual report on the affairs of Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited, together with the audited financial statements and auditor's
report, for the year ended 31 August 2024.

Going concern

The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. In adopting the going concern basis, the Directors have considered for a
period of no less than 12 months from the date of signing these accounts the Company's business activities, principal risks and uncertainties as set out
within the Strategic report and global macro-economic pressures including impact from ongoing global conflicts and the cost of living crisis.

‘The Company has net assets of $125.3 million at the balance sheet date and the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has
adequate resources to continue its operational activities despite the current uncertain economic climate

While performing this assessment, the Directors have considered net current liabilities at the balance sheet date of $20.6 million and the subsequent
$21 million non-current financing ouliined in note 20 to the financial statements which have enabled repayment of the current liabilities. The Company
also has access to an unulilised credit facility of $4.1 milion with a fellow Group company which provides sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities for the
foreseeable future. The Directors have assessed that there is no material uncertainty surrounding the going concern of the entity and continue to adopt
the going concer basis of accounting in preparing the annual financial statements.

Financial Instruments and financial risk management
The Company Is exposed to a variety of financial risks, which include the effects of changes in market prices (interest rates and foreign exchange
rales), credit risk, and liquidity risk. Being part of the larger Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. Group, the Directors of the Company monitor these risks, in
conjunction with the Group Treasury function and necessary action is taken either at the Company level or at a Group level to manage these risks, in
line with the Group Treasuiy policy. Below is a summary of the various risk management policies that have been adopted by the Group and its
subsidiaries.

Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk that a Counterparty may default on its contractual obligations, resulting in financial loss. In the Company, credit risk arises from
multiple sources including cash balances and deposits held with financial institutions, derivative financial instruments and credit exposures 10
customers including outstanding receivables or committed transactions. The Group has issued specific policies to mitigate credit risk which have been
adopted by the Company. These require the Company to assess the creditworthiness of potential customers prior to extending their credit terms, deal
‘only with Group approved financial institutions and restrict the balances held with each financial institution at an agreed limit.

Liquidity risk
The Company needs to maintain adequate liquidity to carry out its business. The Group's approach to managing liquidity in the short term is to
minimise risk and maintain liquidity and in the long term is to maintain a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility. In order to meet these objectives,
liquidity is monitored both at the Company level and at a Group level. Based on the review of cash generated via operations, cash flow forecast and
long term cash requirements, the Company, may take on incurrence of both long term and short term debt to meet its short term and ong term liquidity
objectives either from approved financial institutions or from other Group subsidiaries.

Interest rate risk

The Company may face interest rate volatility, regarding existing variable-rate debt instruments and fulure incurrences of fixed or variable-rate debt,
which exposure primarily relates to movements in various Interest rates, such as SOFR and commercial paper rates. In order to mitigate the risk of
adverse interest rate movements, the Company or other Group subsidiaries, may, either individually or collectively, enter into interest rate swaps or
forward-starting interest rate swaps to hedge these exposures.

Foreign currency exchange rate risk
The Company may be exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. These primarily arise from cash flows related to foreign currency
denominated transactions, investment in foreign subsidiaries, translation of foreign currency earnings to functional currency and debt extended or
incurred in a non-functional currency. To manage these, the Company or other Group subsidiaries, on its behalf, may enter into foreign currency
forward contracts to hedge against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on non-functional currency cash flows. In addition, the Company or other
Group subsidiaries, on ils behalf, may also enter into foreign currency forward contracts that are not designated in hedging relationships to offset, in
part, the impacts of certain intercompany activities (primarily associated with intercompany financing transactions).

Dividends
An interim dividend of $nil (2023: $62,324,000) was declared and paid in the year. See note 11 for breakdown.

Future developments
‘The Company intends to continue operating as a holding company within the Group.

Post balance sheet events
On 26 November 2024, the Company entered into a $21 million borrowing agreement with a fellow Group undertaking, with a maturity date of 4 March
2026.

Directors

‘The following served as Directors during the year and to the date of this report:
F Standish
O Harris
M Kerschen (appointed on 10 October 2023)
K Drake (resigned on 26 September 2023)

The Directors benefited from qualifying third party indemnity provisions in place during the financial year and at the date of this report. Walgreens Boots
Alliance, Inc. provided qualifying third party indemnity provisions to certain Directors of associated companies during the financial year and at the date
of this report.

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Directors' report (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Energy and Carbon reporting
The Company is committed to the protection of the environment and the reduction of its carbon footprint. As a “low energy user’, in accordance with the

regulations, the Company is not required to disclose its energy and carbon information.

Independent Auditor
Pursuant to section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, Deloitte LLP were deemed to be reappointed and will therefore continue as independent auditor of

the Company.

Disclosure of information to auditor

The Directors who held office al the date of approval of this Directors’ report confirm that, so far as they are each aware, there is no relevant audit
information of which the Company's auditor is unaware; and each Director has taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a Director to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Company's auditor is aware of that information.

This confirmation is given and should be interpreted in accordance with the provisions of section 418 of the Companies Act of 2006.

Approved by the Board and signed on its behalf by:

F Standish
Director
‘A December 2024

Registered office:
Sedley Place

4th Floor

361 Oxford Street
London

WIC 2JL

Registered in England and Wales No. 09351322

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Directors’ responsibilities statement
for the year ended 31 August 2024

The Directors are responsible for preparing the Annual report and the financial statements in accordance with applicable law and regulations,

Company law requires the Directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under that law the Directors have elected to prepare the
financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards and
applicable law), including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”,

Under Company law the Directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Company and of the profit or loss of the Company for that period.

In preparing these financial statements, the Directors are requires to:

+ select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;

+ make judgements and accounting estimates thal are reasonable and prudent;

+ state whether applicable United Kingdom Accounting Standards have been followed subject to any material departures disclosed and
explained in the financial statements; and

+ prepare the financial statements on the going concer basis unless it is inappropriate to presume that the Company will continue in business.

The Directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions and
disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply
with the Companies Act 2006, They are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the Company and hence for taking reasonable sleps for the
prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

‘The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and Integrity of the Company's corporate and financial information included on the Group's website.
Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation In other jurisdictions.

Independent auditor's report
to the members of Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Report on the audit of the financial statements

Opinion
In our opinion the financial statements of Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited (the ‘Company’):
+ give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at 31 August 2024 and of its profit for the year then ended;
+ have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice, including Financial Reporting
Standard 101 "Reduced Disclosure Framework"; and
+” have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We have audited the financial statements which comprise:
* the income statement,
+ the balance sheet;
+ the statement of changes in equity; and
. the related notes 1 to 20.

‘The financial reporting framework that has been applied in their preparation Is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including
Financial Reporting Standard 101 "Reduced Disclosure Framework" (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK) and applicable law. Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report.

We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in the UK,
including the Financial Reporting Council's (the 'FRC’s') Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
these requirements, We believe thal the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to going concern
In auditing the financial statements, we have concluded that the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the
financial statements is appropriate.

Based on the work we have performed, we have nol identified any material uncertainties relaling to events or conditions thal, individually or collectively,
may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concer for a period of at least twelve months from when the financial
statements are authorised for issue.

Our responsibilities and the responsibilities of the directors with respect to going concern are described in the relevant sections of this report.

Other information

The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon. The
directors are responsible for the other information contained within the annual report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other
information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in our report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

Our responsibilty is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
slalements or our knowledge obtained in the course of the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identity such material
inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we are required to determine whether this gives rise to a material misstatement in the financial
stalements themselves. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this olher information, we are
required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Directors

As explained more fully in the Directors’ responsibilities statement, the Directors are responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and for
being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concer, disclosing, as
applicable, malters relaled to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the
‘Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC's website at: www-frc.org.uk/
auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor's report.

Independent auditor's report (continued)
to the members of Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Extent to which the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud

Irregularities, including fraud, are instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations. We design procedures in line with our responsibilities,
outlined above, to detect material misstatements in respect of irregularities, including fraud. The extent to which our procedures are capable of
detecting irregularities, including fraud is detailed below.

We considered the nature of the company's industry and its control environment, and reviewed the company’s documentation of their policies and
procedures relating to fraud and compliance with laws and regulations, We also enquired of management, in-house legal counsel and a number of the
directors about their own identification and assessment of the risks of irregularities, including those thal are specific to the company's business sector.

We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that the company operates in, and identified the key laws and regulations that:
+ had a direct effect on the determination of material amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. These included UK Companies Act
2006 and tax legislation; and
+ donot have a direct effect on the financial statements but compliance with which may be fundamental to the company’s ability to operate or
to avoid a material penally.

We discussed among the audit engagement team and tax specialists regarding the opportunities and incentives that may exist within the organisation
for fraud and how and where fraud might occur in the financial statements.

In common with all audits under ISAs (UK), we are also required to perform specific procedures to respond to the risk of management override. In
addressing the risk of fraud through management override of controls, we tested the appropriateness of journal entries and other adjustments;
assessed whether the judgements made in making accounting estimates are indicative of a potential bias; and evaluated the business rationale of any
significant transactions thal are unusual or outside the normal course of business,

In addition to the above, our procedures to respond to the risks identified included the following:

+ reviewing financial statement disclosures by testing to supporting documentation to assess compliance with provisions of relevant laws and
regulations described as having a direct effect on the financial statements;

+ performing analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships that may indicate risks of material misstatement due to
fraud;

+ enquiring of management and in-house legal counsel concerning actual and potential litigation and claims, and instances of non-compliance
with laws and regulations; and

+ reading minutes of meetings of those charged with governance.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:
+ the information given in the Strategic report and the Directors’ report for the financial year for which the financial statements are prepared is
consistent with the financial statements; and
+ the Strategic report and the Directors’ report have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the Company and its environment obtained in the course of the audit, we have not identified any
material misstatements in the Strategic report or the Directors’ report.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report in respect of the following matters if, in our opinion:
+ adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received from branches not visited by us;
or
+ the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or
+ certain disclosures of Directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit.

We have nothing to report in respect of these matters.

Use of our report
This report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2008. Our audit work
has been undertaken so thal we might state to the Company's members those malters we are required to state to them in an auditor's report and for no
other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's
members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed,

LorwerRose-Senes

Lauren Rose-Jones FCA (Senior statutory auditor)
For and on behalf of Deloitte LLP

Statutory Auditor

Cardiff, United Kingdom

02 December 2024

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Income statement
for the year ended 31 August 2024

2024 2023
Notes $000 $000

‘Other operaling (expenses)/income (4,202) 164
Operating (loss)/profit 5 (1,202) 164
Finance income 8 6,084 37,732
Finance costs 9 (4,402) (29,265)
Profit before taxation 3,480 8,634
Tax 10 = (278)
Profit for the year 3,480 8,353

The operating (loss)/profitis all derived from continuing operations.
The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of the Company's financial statements,

The Company has no other comprehensive income and has, therefore, not included a separate statement of comprehensive income.

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Balance sheet
As at 31 August 2024

2024 2023
Notes $000 $000
Assets
Non-current assets
Loan receivables 12 124,426 -
‘Trade and other receivables 13 21,543
145,969 _
Assets
Current assets
Loan receivables 12 - 125,634
Current tax assets 13 _- 69
Trade and other receivables 13 = 15,459
— 141,162
Total assets 145,969 147,162
Liabilities
Current liabilities
Current tax liabilities 14 (6) _
Trade and other payables 14 (20,643) (49,322)
(20,649) (19,322)
Net current (liabilities)/assets (20,649) 121,840
Total assets less current Nabil 124,840
Net assets 121,840
Equity
Shere capital 15 1 1
Retained earnings 17 125,319 121,839
Total Equit; 125,320 121,840

The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of the Company's financial statements.

The financial statements of Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited (registered number: 09351322) were approved by the Board of directors and authorised
for issue on _ December 2024. They were signed on its behalf by:

F Standish
Director

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Statement of changes in equity
for the year ended 31 August 2024

‘Share premium Retained

Share capital account Earnings Total
$000 $000 $000 $000

‘AL September 2022 15,16,17 1 175,008 802 175,811
Profit and total comprehensive income for the year 7 - - 8,353 8,353
Share premium reduction 15,16 - (175,008) 175,008 -
Dividends paid, = = (62,324) (62,324)
‘At 31 August 2023 > 15,1617 1 = 421,839 121,840
Profit and total comprehensive income for the year 17 = = 3,480 3,480
At31 August 2024 15,16,17 1 = 125,319 125,320

‘The accompanying notes to the financial statements are an integral part of the Company's financial statements.

10

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Notes to the financial statements

for the year ended 31 August 2024

4. General information

‘The Company is a private company limited by shares, incorporated in the United Kingdom under the Companies Act 2006 and is registered in England

and Wales.

The address of the registered office is given on page 4.

The nature of the Company's operations and its principal activities are set out in the Strategic report on page 1.
‘These financial stalements are presented in US Dollars because that is the Company's functional currency and the currency of the primary economic

environment in which the Company operates.
Dollars, unless otherwise stated.

All amounts in the financial statements and notes have been rounded off to the nearest thousand US

These financial statements are separate financial statements. The Company is exempt from the preparation of consolidated financial statements under
8401 of the Companies Act 2006, because itis included in the group accounts of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. The group accounts of Walgreens
Boots Alliance, Inc. are available from the Walgreens Boots Alliance website at www.walgreensbootsalliance.com. The principal office of the parent
‘company preparing consolidated accounts is 108 Wilmot Road, Deerfield, Illinois, 60015, United States of America and the registered office is,
Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, New Castle County, DE, 19808-1674, United States.

2. Adoption of new and revised standards

Impact of initial application of other amendments to IFRS Standards and Interpretations
In the current year, the Company has applied a number of amendments to IFRS Standards and Interpretations issued by the Intemational Accounting

Standards Board (IASB) that are effective for

an annual period that begins on or after 1 January 2023. Their adoption has not had any material impact

on the disclosures or on the amounts reported in these financial statements.

‘Amendments to JAS 1 Presentalion of
Financial Statements and IFRS Practice
Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements
- Disclosure of Accounting Policies

|The Company has adopted the amendments to IAS 1 for the first time in the current year. The
amendments change the requirements in IAS 1 with regard to disclosure of accounting policies. The
amendments replace all instances of the term ‘significant accounting policies’ with ‘material
‘accounting policy information’. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together
‘with other information included in an entity's financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to
influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis
‘of those financial statements.

‘The supporting paragraphs in IAS 1 are also amended to clarify thal accounting policy information
that relates to immaterial transactions, other events or conditions is immaterial and need not be
disclosed. Accounting policy information may be material because of the nature of the related
transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However, not all
accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself
material.

‘The IASB has also developed guidance and examples to explain and demonstrate the application of
the ‘four-step materiality process’ described in IFRS Practice Statement 2.

‘Amendments to IAS 8 Accounting Polices,
Changes in Accounting Estimates and
Errors - Definition of Accounting Estimates

The Company has adopted the amendments to IAS 8 for the first time in the current year. The
amendments replace the definition of a change in accounting estimates with a definition of accounting
‘estimates. Under the new definition, accounting estimates are “monetary amounts in financial
statements that are subject to measurement uncertainty”, The definition of a change in accounting

J estimates was deleted.

Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes -
Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
arising from a Single Transaction

‘The Company has adopted the amendments to IAS 12 for the first time in the current year, The
amendments introduce a further exception from the initial recognition exemption. Under the
amendments, an entity does not apply the initial recognition exemption for transactions that give rise
to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. Depending on the applicable tax law, equal
taxable and deductible temporary differences may arise on initial recognition of an asset and liability
in a transaction that is not a business combination and affects neither accounting profit nor taxable

profit.
Following the amendments to IAS 12, an entity is required to recognise the related deferred tax asset

and lability, with the recognition of any deferred tax asset being subject to the recoverability criteria in
JAS 12.

‘Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes -
International Tax Reform - Pillar Two Modet
Rules

The Company has adopted the amendments to IAS 12 for the first time in the current year. The IASB
amends the scope of IAS 12 to clarify that the Standard applies to income taxes arising from tax law
enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the OECD,

including tax taw that implements qualified domestic minimum top-up taxes described in those rules.

The amendments introduce a temporary exception to the accounting requirements for deferred taxes
in IAS 12, so that an entity would neither recognise nor disclose information about deferred tax assets
and liabilities related to Pillar Two Income taxes.

Following the amendments, the Company is required to disclose that it has applied the exception and
to disclose separately its current tax expense (income) related to Pillar Two income taxes.

New accounting standards not yet mandatorily effective

‘The Company has not applied any standards,

interpretations or amendments that have been issued but are not yet effective for the current financial

period, These are not expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.

n

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

3. Material accounting policies
Basis of accounting

The Company meets the definition of a qualifying entity under FRS 100 Application of Financial Reporting Requirements issued by the FRC.
Accordingly, these financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework ("FRS
101").

‘The Company has taken advantage of the following disclosure exemptions under FRS 101:

(a) the requirements of paragraphs 45(b) and 46-52 of IFRS 2 Share based Payment, because the share based payment arrangement concerns
the instruments of another group entity;

{b) the requirements of paragraph 33(c) of IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations;

(c) the requirements of IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures;

(4) the requirements of paragraphs 91-99 of IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement;

(e) the requirement in paragraph 38 of IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements to present comparative information in respect of:
{() paragraph 79(a)(iv) of JAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements;
(ii) paragraph 73(e) of IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment,
(il) paragraph 118(e) of [AS 38 Intangible Assets;

(f) the requirements of paragraphs 10(d), 10(f), 16, 38A, 388, 38C, 38D, 40A, 40B, 40C, 40D, 111 and 134-136 of IAS 1 Presentation of Financial
Statements;

{(g) the requirements of IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows;
(h) The requirements of paragraphs 30 and 31 of IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors,
(i) the requirements of paragraph 17 and 18A of IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures; and

) the requirements in IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures to disclose related party transactions entered into between two or more members of a
group, provided that any subsidiary which is a party to the transaction is wholly owned by such a member.

(k) the requirements of the second sentence of paragraph 110 and paragraphs 113(a), 114, 115, 118, 119(a) to (c), 120 to 127 and 129 of IFRS 15
Revenue from Contracts with Customers, i

(V) the requirements of paragraphs 52, 58, the second sentence of paragraph 89, and paragraphs 90, 91 and 93 of IFRS 16.

Where relevant, equivalent disclosures have been given in the group accounts of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.

The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis, except for the revaluation of certain properties, financial instruments and
investment property that are measured at revalued amounts or fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies
below. Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for the goods and services.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants al the
measurement date, regardless of whether that price Is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of
an asset or a liability, the Company considers the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement purposes in these financial statements is determined
‘on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2, leasing transactions that are within the scope of
IFRS 16, and measurements thal have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in IAS 2 or value in use in IAS
36.

‘The material accounting policies adopted are set out below.

Going concern
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. In adopting the going concern basis, the Directors have considered for a
period of no less than 12 months from the date of signing these accounts the Company's business activities, principal risks and uncertainties as set out
wilhin the Strategic report and global macro-economic pressures including impact from ongoing global conflicts and the cost of living crisis.

The Company has net assets of $125.3 million at the balance sheet date and the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company has
adequate resources to continue its operational activities despite the current uncertain economic climate

While performing this assessment, the Directors have considered net current liabilities at the balance sheet date of $20.6 million and the subsequent
$24 million non-current financing oullined in note 20 to the financial statements which have enabled repayment of the current liabilities. The Company
also has access to an unutiised credit facility of $4.1 million with a fellow Group company which provides sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities for the
foreseeable fulure. The Directors have assessed that there is no material uncertainty surrounding the going concern of the entity and continue to adopt
the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the annual financial statements.

12

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Revenue and other Income

Dividend and interest revenue

Dividend income from investments is recognised when the shareholders’ rights to receive payment have been established. Finance income is accrued
on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated
future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to thal asset's net carrying amount on initial recognition.

Foreign currencies

Currency transactions

‘Transactions denominated in currencies other than an entity's functional currency are translated into an entity's functional currency at the exchange
rates prevailing at the date of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than an entity's functional currency at
the year-end are translated at the exchange rate ruling at that date. Non-monelary assets and liabilifies that are measured at historical cost and are
denominated in currencies other than an entity's functional currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date of the transaction. Non-
monetary items that are measured at fair value and are denominated in currencies other than an entity's functional currency are translaled using the
exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined, Exchange gains and losses are recognised in the income statement.

Operating loss
Operating loss is stated after charging restructuring costs but before investment income and finance costs.

Taxation
The tax charge represents the sum of the current tax.

Current tax

‘The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from net profit as reported in the income statement because it
excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes items that are never taxable or deductible.
‘The Company's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.

Current tax for the year
Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or
Girectly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the Company's balance sheet when the Company becomes a parly to the contractual
provisions of the instrument. Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to
the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities al fair value through profit or loss)
are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly
attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Financial assets

A\l financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date where the purchase or sale of a financial asset is under a contract whose terms
require delivery of the financial asset within the timeframe established by the market. Financial assets are measured subsequently at either amortised
cost of fair value depending on their classification, The classification depends on the nature and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at
the time of initial recognition.

Amortised cost and effective interest method
The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument and of allocating interest income over the relevant
period, The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts (including all fees that form an integral part of the
effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the debt instrument, or, where appropriate, a
shorter period, to the net carrying amount on init it

Income is recognised on an effective interest basis for debt instruments.

Loans and receivables

‘Trade receivables, loans, and other receivables that have fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market are classified as
‘loans and receivables’. Loans and receivables are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment. Interest
income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate, except for short-term receivables when the recognition of interest would be immaterial.

Impairment of financial assets
The Company recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses (ECLs) on financial assets measured al amortised cost, debt investments
measured at FVTOCI and contract assets (as defined in IFRS 15).

The Company measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECL, except for other debt securities and bank balances for which credit risk
(ie. the risk of default occurring over the expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition which are
measured as 12-month ECL.

Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets are always measured al an amount equal to lifetime ECL.

Certain categories of financial assets, such as trade receivables, that are assessed not to be impaired individually are, in addition, assessed for
impairment on a collective basis. Objective evidence of impairment for a portfolio of receivables could include the Company's past experience of
collecting payments, an increase in the number of delayed payments in the portfolio past the average credit period, as well as observable changes in
national or local economic conditions that correlate with default on receivables.

For financial assets carried at amortised cost, the amount of the impairment is the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the present
value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the financial asset's original effective interest rate.

13

|
|
i
|


Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

Financial instruments (continued)

Impairment of financial assets (continued)

The carrying amount of the financial asset is reduced by the impairment loss directly for all financial assets except for trade receivables, where the
carrying amount is reduced through the use of an allowance account. When a trade receivable is considered uncollectable, it is written off against the
allowance account. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the profit or loss. Changes in the carrying amount of,
the allowance account are recognised in profit or loss.

If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the
impairment was recognised, the previously recognised impairment foss is reversed through profit or loss to the extent that the carrying amount of the
investment al the date the impairment is reversed does not exceed what the amortised cost would have been had the impairment not been recognised.

Derecognition of financial assels
The Company derecognises a financial assel only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when il transfers the financial
asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset fo another entity. If the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially all
the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Company recognises its retained interest in the asset and an
associaled liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Company retains substentially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial
asset, the Company continues to recognise the financial asset and recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration
received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss. In addition, on derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Company has
elected on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve is not
reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings.

(On derecognition of a financial asset other than in its entirety (e.g. when the Company retains an option to repurchase part of a transferred asset), the
Company allocates the previous carrying amount of the financial asset between the part it continues to recognise under continuing involvement, and
the part it no longer recognises on the basis of the relative fair values of those parts on the date of the transfer. The difference between the carrying
amount allocated to the part that is no langer recognised and the sum of the consideration received for the part no longer recognised and any
‘cumulative gain or loss allocated to it that had been recognised in other comprehensive income is recognised in proft or loss. A cumulative gain or loss
that had been recognised in other comprehensive income is allocated between the part that continues to be recognised and the part that is no longer
recognised on the basis of the relative fair values of those parts.

Financial liabilities and equily
Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangement.

Equity instruments
‘An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments
issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

Repurchase of the Company's own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on
the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company's own equity instruments.

Financial guarantee contract liabilities
Financial guarantee contract liabilities are measured initially at their fair values and are subsequently measured at the higher of:

+ the amount of the obligation under the contract, as determined in accordance with AS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent
Assets; and

+ the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, cumulative amortisation recognised in accordance with the revenue recognition
policies set out above.

Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, with interest expense recognised on an effective
yield basis. The effective interest methad is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating interest expense over the
relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exaclly discounts estimated future cash payments through the expected life of the financial
liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

Trade payables and creditors are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business from suppliers.
Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured al amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Derecognition of financial liabilities
The Company derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Company's obligations are discharged, cancelled or they expire. The
difference between the carrying amount and the financial liability derecognised at the consideration paid or payable is recognised in profit or loss.

Dividend distribution

Dividends are based on Company's earnings and business considerations. Dividends are determined based on earnings, capital requirements,
financial conditions and other factors considered relevant by the Company.

14

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

4, Critical accounting Judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

In the application of the Company's accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the Directors are required to make judgements, estimates and
assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabililies that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated
assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates,

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis, Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which
the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and fulure periods if the revision affects both current and
future periods.

During the year, the Directors have concluded that there were no critical accounting judgements, nor key sources of estimation uncertainty.

5. Operating (toss)/profit for the year
The operating (loss)/profit for the year has been arrived at after chargingl(crediting)..

2024 2023
$000 $000
(Impairment)/reversal of loans to Group undertakings (1,202) 164

4,202) 164

6. Auditor's remuneration
‘The 2024 fee for the audi of these financial statements was borne by a fellow Group undertaking. The amount allocated that would have been incurred
for 2024 is $18,691 (£14,340) (2023: $17,750 (£15,250).

No non-audit services were provided to the Company by its auditor in the current or preceding year.
7. Staff numbers and costs
There were no employees during the current or preceding year. The Directors have not received any remuneration for their services as a Director to the

Company during the current year and preceding financial year. Directors emoluments are paid by a fellow Group undertaking

8. Finance income

2024 2023
$000 $000
Interest receivable from Group undertakings 6,084 18,034
Net foreign exchange gain . = 19,698
6,084 37,732

9, Finance costs
2024 2023
* $000 « $000
Interest payable to Group undertakings 1,393 738
Net foreign exchange losses 9 _
Fair value losses on derivative financial instruments = 28,527

4,402 29,265

1

a

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

40, Tax
‘An analysis of the tax charge for the year is presented as follows:

2024 2023
$000 $000

‘Corporation tax:
UK corporation lax - (109)
Foreign tax = (469)

Corporation tax is calculated at 25.00% (2023: 21.5%) of the estimated taxable profit for the year.

The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to the profit in the income statement as follows:

2024 2023

$000 $000
Profit before tax 3,480 8,631
Tax at the UK corporation rate of 25% (2023: 21.5%) (870) (1,856)
Effects of:
Irrecoverable withholding tax - (169)
Group relief (surrendered)/claimed for nil payment 4471 4,709
Impairment of loans to group undertakings (301) -
Non-taxable income = 38
‘Tax charge for the year = (278)

Factors that may affect future current and total tax charges
‘On 1 April 2023 the UK tax rate increased from 19% to 25%. No further changes to the UK tax rate have been announced.

Pillar Two income taxes

Pillar Two legislation was enacted in the United Kingdom, the jurisdiction in which the Company is incorporated, and will be in effect for the Company.
for its period to 31 August 2025 onwards. The impact of the Pillar Two income taxes legislation is not expected to be material in the Company, although
the impact on its future financial performance will continue to be assessed.

‘The Company has applied the temporary exception issued by the IASB in May 2023 from the accounting requirements for deferred taxes in IAS 12.
Accordingly, the Company neither recognises nor discloses information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes.

11, Dividends
“The Company's pald and proposed dividends are presented as follows:
2024 2023
$000 $000
‘Amounts recognised as distributions to equity holders in the year:
Interim dividend for the year, equivalent to $nil per share (2023: $64,707 per share) = 62,324
= 62,324
12, Loan receivables
Current assets Non-Current assets
2024 2023 2024 2023
$000 $000 $000 $000
Loans to Group undertakings — 125,834 125,828 =
Impairment of loans to Group undertakings _ (200) (4,402) =
— 125,634 124,426 —

As at 31 August 2023, the company had a loan receivable of $125,834 thousand with an interest rate of 6.069% and a maturity date of 4 March 2024.
During the year the company extended the maturity date to 4 March 2026 with an interest rate of 5.566%.

The provision for impairment of loans has been increased by $1,202 thousand during the year, resulting in a provision of $1,402 thousand at 31 August
2024 (2023: $200 thousand).

16

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

13. Trade and other receivables
2024 2023
$000 $000
‘Amounts falling due within one year:

Corporation tax receivable - 69
Amounts owed by Group undertakings = 15,459
Included in current assets = 15,528

Amounts falling due for more than one year:
Amounts owed by group undertakings 21,543 =
Included in non-current assets 21,543 _
21,543 15,528

Total trade and other receivables

‘Amounts owed by Group undertakings includes an interest receivable on a Loan to Group undertakings described in note 12 of $21,543 thousand
(2023: $15,459 thousand).

44. Trade and other payables

2024 2023
$000 $000

‘Amounts falling due within one year:
‘Amounts owed to Group undertakings 20,643 19,322
Corporation tax payable 6 _
20,649 19,322

Amounts owed to Group undertakings includes an unsecured borrowing of $20,643 thousand (2023: $19,322 thousand) with a fellow group undertaking
that is interest bearing at SOFR (2023: LIBOR until June 2023 and SOFR thereafter) plus a commercial margin and payable on demand (within 2

business days).

1, Share capital

2024 2023
$ $

Issued and fully paid
4,010 4,010

1010 ordinary shares of $1 each (2023: 1010 shares)

‘The Company has one class of ordinary shares which carry no right to fixed income,

46. Share premium account

$000
At 1 September 2022 175,008
‘Share premium reduction (475,008)

At 4 September 2023 and 31 August 2024

17. Retained earnings

$000
‘ALT September 2022 802
Profit for the year 8,353
Dividends paid (62,324)
Share premium reduction 175,008
At 31 August 2023 121,839
Profit for the year 3,480

125,319

At31 August 2024

Walgreens Boots Alliance Limited

Notes to the financial statements (continued)
for the year ended 31 August 2024

18. Derivative financial instruments.
Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging:

2024 2023
$000 $000

Financlal liabilities at fair value
At fair value through profit or loss = 28,527
= 28,527

The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows:

The fair values of derivative instruments are calculated using quoted prices. Where such prices are not avallable, a discounted cash flow analysis Is
performed using the applicable yield curve for the duration of the instruments for non-optional derivatives, and option pricing models for optional
derivatives. Foreign currency forward contracts are measured using quoted forward exchange rates and yield curves derived from quoted interest rates
matching maturities of the contracts. Interest rate swaps are measured at the present value of future cash flows estimated and discounted based on the
applicable yield curves derived from quoted interest rates.

‘There were no financial instruments held at fair vatue in 2024 (2023: nil).

19. Ultimate parent undertaking
At 31 August 2024, the Company's immediate parent company was Superior US 1 LLC and its ultimate parent company and controlling party was
Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. is also the parent undertaking of the largest and smallest group in which the Company is
consolidated. The consolidated financial statements of this group are available from the Walgreens Boots Alliance website ° at
waww.waloreensbootsalliance.com. .

Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. is incorporated in the United States of America, Its principal office address is 108 Wilmot Road, Deerfield, Illinois, 60015,
United States, and registered office address is Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, New Castle County, DE, 19808-1674,
United States.

20. Post balance sheet events
On 26 November 2024, the Company entered into a $21 million borrowing agreement with a fellow Group undertaking, with a maturily date of 4 March
2026.

te

