West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited
Annual report and financial statements

for the year ended 31 December 2018

Company Number 02352532

- ——-

wun

27/09/2019 #108 |
COMPANIES HOUSE '


+» West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Strategic report for the year ended 31 December 2018

The directors present their Strategic report on the company for the year ended 31 December 2018.

Review of business

The profit and loss account for the financial year is set out on page 8. The result for 2018 is a profit
of £34,000 compared to a profit of £38,000 in 2017. The income relates to royalty income. The
company has net assets of £18,965,000 (2017: £18,931,000) at the balance sheet date.

Given the nature of the business, the company’s directors are of the opinion that analysis using KPIs
is not necessary for an understanding of the development, performance or position of the business.

Principal risks and uncertainties
The company is subject to business risk on the basis that its income is generated by a royalty

agreement with Archimedes Pharma Ltd. As such, the profits are very much determined by the
success of a third party.

The directors do not consider there to be any other material risks for this company, given the limited

nature of its business.

Management of financial risk
The directors do not consider there to be any significant financial risks for this company.

By order of the Board

=> RP-

D Pope
Company secretary

8 September 2019

+ West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Directors and advisors

Directors

G Miller

S P Parish

E Grose

S Selke

H. Lennartz (resigned on 31 March 2018)

Company secretary
D Pope .

Registered office

West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited
Bucklers Lane

St Austell

Cornwall

PL25 3JU

Independent auditors
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
2 Glass Wharf

Bristol

BS2 OFR

Bankers

Bank of America

2 King Edward Street
London

EC1A 1HQ

Company number
02352532

- West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Strategic report for the year ended 31 December 2018

The directors present their Strategic report on the company for the year ended 31 December 2018.

Review of business

The profit and loss account for the financial year is set out on page 8. The result for 2018 is a profit
of £34,000 compared to a profit of £38,000 in 2017. The income relates to royalty income. The
company has net assets of £18,965,000 (2017: £18,931,000) at the balance sheet date.

Given the nature of the business, the company's directors are of the opinion that analysis using KPIs
is not necessary for an understanding of the development, performance or position of the business.

Principal risks and uncertainties
The company is subject to business risk on the basis that its income is generated by a royalty

agreement with Archimedes Pharma Ltd. As such, the profits are very much determined by the
success of a third party.

The directors do not consider there to be any other material risks for this company, given the limited
nature of its business.

Management of financial risk
The directors do not consider there to be any significant financial risks for this company.

By order of the Board
= a
D Pope

Company secretary

23 September 2019

+ West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Directors’ report for the year ended 31 December 2018

The directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December
2018.

Principal activities

The principal activity of the company is that of an intermediate holding company. The aclivilies of Its
Subsidiary are the manufacture of rubber components, and the construction of tooling for rubber and
plastic components used in the healthcare industry.

Future developments
The future nature and business of the company is not expected to change in the next 12 months.

Financial risk management
Details of the management of financial risk are included in the strategic report on page 2.

Dividends
The directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend (2017:Nil).

Directors
Details of directors of the company who are in office on the date of signing the financial statements,

are stated on page 1. On 31 March 2018, H. Lennartz resigned from the Board.

Statement of directors’ responsibilities in respect of the financial statements

The directors are responsible for preparing the Annual Report and the financial statements in
accordance with applicable law and regulation.

Company law requires the directors to prepare financial statements for each financial year. Under
that law the directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom
Generally Accepted Accounting Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS
102 “The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland”, and applicable
law). Under company law the directors must not approve the financial statements unless they are
satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company and of the profit or
loss of the company for that period. In preparing the financial statements, the directors are required
to:

. select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;
. state whether applicable United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102, have
been followed, subject to any material departures disclosed and explained in the financial

statements;
. make judgements and accounting estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
. prepare the financial statements on the going concern basis unless it is inappropriate to

presume that the company will continue in business.
The directors are also responsible for safeguarding the assets of the company and hence for taking
reasonable steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and other irregularities.

The directors are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that are sufficient to show
and explain the company's transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the

« West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

financial position of the company and enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply
with the Companies Act 2006.

Directors’ confirmations
In the case of each director in office at the date the Directors’ Report is approved

. so far as the director is aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the company's.
auditors are unaware, atid

. they have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as a director in order to make
themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the company’s
auditors are aware of that information.

By order of the Board

— RR

D Pope
Company secretary

43 September 2019

« West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Independent auditors’ report to the members of West
Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Report on the audit of the financial statements

Opinion
In our upiuivu, West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited’s financial statements:

* give a true and fair view of the state of the company’s affairs as at 31 December 2018 and of its
profit for the year then ended;

+ _ have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice (United Kingdom Accounting Standards, comprising FRS 102 “The Financial Reporting
Standard applicable in the UK and Republic of Ireland”, and applicable law); and

+ — have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006.

We have audited the financial statements, included within the Annual Report and Financial Statements (the
“Annual Report”), which comprise: the balance sheet as at 31 December 2018; the profit and loss account, the
statement of changes in equity for the year then ended; the accounting policies; and the notes to the financial
statements.

Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and
applicable law. Our responsibilities under ISAs (UK) are further described in the Auditors’ responsibilities for
the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence

We remained independent of the company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our
audit of the financial statements in the UK, which includes the FRC’s Ethical Standard, and we have fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

Conclusions relating to going concern
ISAs (UK) require us to report to you when:

* the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the financial
statements is not appropriate; or

«the directors have not disclosed in the financial statements any identified material uncertainties
that may cast significant doubt about the company’s ability to continue to adopt the going concern
basis of accounting for a period of at least twelve months from the date when the financial
statements are authorised for issue.

We have nothing to report in respect of the above matters.

However, because not all future events or conditions can be predicted, this statement is not a guarantee as to the
company’s ability to continue as a going concern. For example, the terms on which the United Kingdom may
withdraw from the European Union are not clear, and it is difficult to evaluate all of the potential implications
on the company’s trade, customers, suppliers and the wider economy.

Reporting on other information

The other information comprises all of the information in the Annual Report other than the financial statements
and our auditors’ report thereon. The directors are responsible for the other information. Our opinion on the
financial statements does not cover the other information and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion
or, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in this report, any form of assurance thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or

« West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Independent auditors’ report to the members of West
Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited (Continued)

our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify an apparent
material inconsistency or material misstatement, we are required to perform procedures to conclude whether
there is a material misstatement of the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other information.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report based on these responsibilities.

With respect to the Strategic Report and Directors’ Report, we also considered whether the disclosures required
by the UK Companies Act 2006 have been included.

Based on the responsibilities described above and our work undertaken in the course of the audit, ISAs (UK)
require us also to report certain opinions and matters as described below.

Strategic Report and Directors’ Report

In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit, the information given in the Strategic
Report and Directors’ Report for the year ended 31 December 2018 is consistent with the financial statements
and has been prepared in accordance with applicable legal requirements.

In light of the knowledge and understanding of the company and its environment obtained in the course of the
audit, we did not identify any material misstatements in the Strategic Report and Directors’ Report.

Responsibilities for the financial statements and the audit

Responsibilities of the directors for the financial statements

As explained more fully in the Statement of Directors’ Responsibilities, the directors are responsible for the
preparation of the financial statements in accordance with the applicable framework and for being satisfied that
they give a true and fair view. The directors are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations,
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditors’ responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, aud to issue an auditors’ report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the FRC’s
website at: www.fre.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditors’ report.

Use of this report

This report, including the opinions, has been prepared for and only for the company’s members as a body in
accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006 and for no other purpose. We do not, in giving
these opinions, accept or assume responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this
report is shown or into whose hands it may come save where expressly agreed by our prior consent in writing.

West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Independent auditors’ report to the members of West
Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited (Continued)

Other required reporting

Companies Act 2006 exception reporting
Under the Companies Act 2006 we are required to report to you if, in our opinion:
* we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit; or
¢ adequate accounting records have not been kept by the company, or returns adequate for our audit
have not been received from branches not visited by us; or
¢ certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
¢ — the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns.

We have no exceptions to report arising from this responsibility.

Stephen Patey (Senior Statutory Auditor)

for and on behalf of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors
Bristol

2S September 2019

West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Profit and loss account for the year ended 31 December 2018

2018 2017

Note £'000 £'000

Other operating income 34 38
Oporating profit 4 34 38
Profit before taxation 34 38

Tax on profit 6 - -

Profit for the financial year 34 38

There is no other comprehensive income for the financial years other than the profits stated above.
Consequently, no separate statement of comprehensive income is presented.

West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Balance sheet at 31 December 2018

2018 2017

Note £7000 £'000
Fixed assets
Investments 7 18,844 18,844
Current assets
Debtors 8 121 87
Creditors: amounts falling due within one year 9 - -
Net current assets 121 87
Total assets less current liabilities and net assets 18,965 18,931
Capital and reserves
Called up share capital 10 33,171 33,171
Capital redemption reserve 20,991 20,991
Accumulated losses (35,197) (35,231)
Total equity 18,965 18,931

The financial statements on pages 8 through 16 were approved by the Board of directors on

23 September 2019 and were signed on its behalf by:

=> Be

D Pope
Company Secretary

Company number: 02352532

West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2018

Called up share Capital redemption Accumulated Total
capital reserve losses equity
£000 £7000 £'000 £7000
Balance as at 33,171 20,991 (35,269) 18,893
1 January
2017
Profit for the - - 38 38
financial year
Total - - 38 38
comprehensive
income for the
year
Balance as at 33,171 20,991 (35,231) 18,931
31 December
2017
Balance as at 1 33,171 20,991 (35,231) 18,931
January 2018
Profit for the - - 34 34
financial year
Total - - 34 34
comprehensive
income for the
year
Balance as at 33,171 20,991 (35,197) 18,965
31 December
2018

10

West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
2018

1 General Information

West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited (‘the company’) is an intermediate holding company.
The company is a private company limited by shares and is incorporated and domiciled in England.
The address of its registered office is Bucklers Lane, Holmbush, St Austell, Cornwall, PL25 3JU.

2 Statement of compliance

The individual financial statements of West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited have been
prepared in compliance with United Kingdom Accounting Standards, including Financial Reporting
Standard 102, “The Financial Reporting Standard applicable in the United Kingdom and the Republic
of Ireland” (“FRS 102”) and the Companies Act 2006

3 Summary of significant accounting policies

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out
below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise
stated. The company has adopted FRS 102 in these financial statements. All amounts in the financial
statements have been rounded to the nearest £1,000.

Basis of preparation

These financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis, under the historical cost
convention. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with FRS 102 requires the use of
certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the
process of applying the company’s accounting policies. There are no areas involving a higher degree
of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial
statements.

Exemptions for qualifying entities under FRS 102

The company has taken advantage of the exemption, under FRS 102 paragraph 1.12(b), from
preparing a statement of cash flows, on the basis that it is a qualifying entity and its ultimate parent
company, West Pharmaceutical Services Inc., includes the company’s cash flows in its own
consolidated financial statements.

As the consolidated financial statements of West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. include the equivalent
disclosures, the company has also taken the exemptions under FRS 102 available in respect of the
following disclosures required by FRS 102.11 Basic Financial Instruments and FRS 102.12 Other
Financial Instrument Issues in respect of financial instruments not falling within the fair value accounting
rules of Paragraph 36(4) of Schedule 1.

Consolidated financial statements

The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of West Pharmaceutical Services Inc., a company
incorporated in the United States of America. It is included in the consolidated financial statements of
West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. which are publicly available. Therefore the company is exempt by
virtue of section 401 of the Companies Act 2006 from the requirement to prepare consolidated
financial statements.

These financial statements are the company's separate financial statements.

1

West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
2018 (continued)

3 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

Foreign currency
The presentation currency of these financial statements is Sterling.

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated at the rate of exchange ruling at the date of
transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities expressed in foreign currencies are retranslated into
sterling at the rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Exchange differences are taken
into account in arriving at the operating result.

Investments in subsidiary companies
Investment in subsidiary companies are held at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

Impairment of non-financial assets

At each balance sheet date non-financial assets not carried at fair value are assessed to determine
whether there is an indication that the asset may be impaired. If there is such an indication the
recoverable amount of the asset is compared to the carrying amount of the asset.

The recoverable amount of the asset is the higher of the fair value less costs to sell and value in use.
Value in use is defined as the present value of the future cash flows before interest and tax obtainable
as a result of the asset's continued use. If the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated to be
lower than the carrying amount, the carrying amount is reduced to its recoverable amount. An
impairment loss is recognised in the profit and loss account.

If an impairment loss is subsequently reversed, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to the
revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but only to the extent that the revised carrying amount
does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of depreciation or
amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised in prior periods. A reversal of an impairment
loss is recognised in the profit and loss account.

Taxation

Taxation expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax recognised in the reporting
period. Tax is recognised in the Profit and loss account, except to the extent that it relates to items
recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case tax is also recognised in
other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Current or deferred taxation assets
and liabilities are not discounted.

(i) Current tax

Current tax is the amount of income tax payable in respect of the taxable profit for the year or prior
years. Tax is calculated on the basis of tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the period end. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes
provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

(ii) Deferred tax

Deferred tax arises from timing differences that are differences between taxable profits and total
comprehensive income as stated in the financial statements. Unrelieved tax losses and other deferred
tax assets are only recognised when it is probable that they will be recovered against the reversal of
deferred tax liabilities or other future taxable profits. Deferred tax is measured using tax rates and
laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the period end and that are expected to
apply to the reversal of the timing difference.

West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
2018 (continued)

3 Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

Revenue recognition
(i) Royalty income is recognised on an accruals basis in accordance with the substance of the
agreement.

(ii) Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.

Financial instruments

(i) Financial assets

Basic financial assets, including other debtors, are initially recognised at transaction price. Such
assets are subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. At the end of
each reporting period financial assets are assessed for objective evidence of impairment. If an asset
is impaired, the impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss. Financial assets are derecognised
when (a) the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire or are settled, or (b)
substantially all the risks and rewards of the ownership of the asset are transferred to another party or
(c) control of the asset has been transferred to another party who has the practical ability to
unilaterally sell the asset to an unrelated third party without imposing additional restrictions.

(ii) Financial liabilities

Basic financial liabilities, including amounts owed to group undertakings, are initially recognised at
transaction price. Financial liabilities are derecognised when the liability is extinguished, that is when
the contractual obligation is discharged, cancelled or expires.

Distributions to equity holders

Dividends and other distributions to the company’s shareholders are recognised as a liability in the
financial statements in the period in which the dividends and other distributions are approved by the
company’s shareholders. These amounts are recognised in the statement of changes in equity

Share capital
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new
ordinary shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

Preference shares are also classed as equity as they are irredeemable and carry no rights to
dividends.

4 Operating profit

Audit fees were paid on the company’s behalf by West Pharmaceutical Services Cornwall Limited,
with no recharge being made to this company (as in 2017). The total auditors’ remuneration borne by
group companies on behalf of the company is £4,060 (2017: £4,900).

5 Directors’ emoluments

There were no staff costs for the year ended 31 December 2018 (2017: £ nil). There were no
employees of the company, other than the executive directors (2017: nil). Directors’ emoluments have
been borne by fellow West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. group companies as the directors are also
directors or officers of other companies within the West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. group. The
directors’ services to the company do not occupy a significant amount of their time. As such, the
directors do not consider that they have received any remuneration for their incidental services to the
company for the year ended 31 December 2018 or 2017.

13

: West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Notes to the financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2018 (continued)

6 Tax on profit
a) Tax expense included in profit and loss

There are no current or deferred tax charges in either 2018 or 2017.

b) Reconciliation of tax charge

The tax assessed for the financial year is lower than (2017: lower than) the standard rate of corporation
tax in the UK of 19% (2017: 19.25%). The differences are explained below:

2018 2017
£7000 £'000
Profit before taxation 34 38
Profit before taxation multiplied by standard rate of corporation tax 6 7
in the UK of 19% (2017: 19.25%)
Effects of:
- Losses carry forward (6) (7)
Total tax - -

c) Tax rate changes

The standard rate of Corporation Tax in the UK changed from 20% to 19% with effect from 1 April
2017. Accordingly, the company's profits for this financial year are taxed at an effective rate of
19.25%. Changes to the UK corporation tax rates were substantively enacted as part of Finance Bill
2015 (on 26 October 2015) and Finance Bill 2016 (on 7 September 2016). These include reductions
to the main rate to reduce the rate to 19% from 1 April 2017 and to 17% from 1 April 2020. Deferred
taxes at the balance sheet date have been measured using these enacted tax rates and reflected in
these financial statements.

7 Investments

£7000
Cost
At 1 January 2018 and at 31 December 2018 18,844

Details of subsidiary undertakings, all of which are registered in England and Wales, are as follows:
Proportion of

Description of nominal value of
Name of company shares held issued shares Principal activity
held
West Pharmaceutical Services Ordinary 100% Manufacture of rubber and
Cornwall Limited plastics components

The Directors believe the carrying value of the investments is supported by their underlying net
assets.

* West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Notes to the financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2018 (continued)

8 Debtors
2018 2017
£000 £'000
Amounts owed by Group undertakings 86 54
Other debtors 35 33
121 87

Amounts owed from other debtors relate to royalty income from Archimedes Pharma Ltd.

9 Creditors: amounts falling due within one year

2018 2017
£'000 £7000

Amounts owed to group undertakings - -

Amounts owed to group undertakings are unsecured, interest free, have no fixed date of repayment
and are repayable on demand.

10 Called up share capital

2018 2017
£'000 £'000

Allotted and fully paid
4,439,000 (2017: 4,439,000) ordinary shares of £1 each 4,439 4,439
28,731,618 .(2017: 28,731,618) preference shares of £1 each 28,732 28,732
33,171 33,171

There is a single class of ordinary shares. There are no restrictions on the distribution of dividends
and the repayment of capital.

In 2006, 34,983,000 preference shares were issued in consideration for a loan with the parent entity
These shares carry no right to dividends and are irredeemable and therefore are classified as equity
under FRS 102 section 22.

11 Related party transactions

The company has taken advantage of the exemption under paragraph 33.1a of the provisions of FRS
102, “Related Party Disclosures”, on the grounds that it is a wholly owned subsidiary of a group headed
by West Pharmaceutical Services Inc., whose financial statements are publicly available.

15

» West Pharmaceutical Services Group Limited

Notes to the financial statements
for the year ended 31 December 2018 (continued)

12 Ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party

The directors regard West Pharmaceutical Services Inc., a company registered in the United States of
America, as the immediate and ultimate parent undertaking and controlling party. This is both the
largest and smallest group into which the company's results are consolidated. Copies of the parent
company's consolidated financial statements aré available fruin.

West Pharmaceutical Services Inc.,
530 Herman O. West Drive,

Exton,

PA 19341-0645,

USA.

16
